Just slow down.
 I just want to see your face.
 The voices of the real worshippers want to hear the voices of your true heart to love on nothing but Porsches. Say, I just want to please God.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah come on. Clap your hands and give God. A praise this morning. Bless the name of the Lord. Good to see y'all out here. Welcome to New Life, Christian measure, International Greensboro Georgia. So glad to have you all with us this morning. We're so glad to have you all with us.
 Is morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. See y'all faces out here with you on Facebook with your Zoom. Thank you all. So very much for having me on my Facebook page or the church Facebook page mean love you. And we thank you all for joining us this morning. Blessed, be the name of the Lord. We go get right into the word of God, this morning, right? To the word of God. Hebrews chapter number 5, good morning, good morning. Good morning. Hebrews chapter number 5, Hebrews chapter. Number 5.
 Hallelujah, Hebrews chapter number 5.
 Good morning. Good morning.
 If you check no fapping.
 The first I'm going to be dealing with his verses 11 through 14, but I want to read 1 through 14 because I want to give you a full understanding. So you understand kind of what's going on. I'm going to read one through 14. You say it's forever. Had priest taken from among me, and is appointed for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins. He can can have compassion on those who are ignorant and going a straight C's. He himself is also subject to weakness.
 Because of this is required as, for the people. So, also, for himself to offer sacrifices for seeing, and no, man, takes this honor to himself, but he was called by God just as Aaron was so. Also Christ did not glorify himself to become high priest, but it was he who said to him? You are my son. Today, I have begotten. You as he also says, in another place, you are a priest forever. According to the order of melchisedec
 He who in the days of his flesh when he had offered up prayers and supplications with with the Hitman cries and tears to him, who was able to save him from death and was heard because of his Godly fear, though, he was a son, yet, he learned obedience by the things which he had suffered and haven't been perfect. He became the author and eternal salvation, to all who obey him called by God as a
 Priest, according to the order of melchisedec of whom, we have much to say, watch this verse number 11, through 14 over whom, we have much more to say and hard to explain. Since you have become dull in your hearing for though. By this time, you ought to be teachers, you need someone to teach you again. The first principles of the Oracles of God and you have come to need milk and not solid food for everyone who partakes. Only of milk is
 Unskilled in the word of righteousness for he is a babe with solid food belongs to those who are of full age that he is. Those who by reason of use, have their senses, exercised to discern both, good and evil will talk swiftly from this subject is morning. Growth. Growth growth growth, can y'all just say growth? Growth growth growth, the epistle to the Hebrews is a unique book.
 In the New Testament, it begins as an essay progresses as a sermon and ends as a letter. Its context are deep and challenging many Christians have found it difficult to comprehend and understand some equate is difficulty with the Book of Revelations. But for Christians willing to take the time to read meditate study and reflect upon it. They will be reminded of how blessed they ought to have trusted in Christ impressed.
 The superiority of superiority of Christ and his new covenant over Moses and the old Covenant and also warned of the dangerous hypocrisy and the need of steadfastness in their faith. The author of the book of Hebrews watch Now, does not identify himself, many believed it to be the Apostle Paul and have often arguments in his favor. You get it seems unlikely when you consider the offer statement in Hebrews 2 and 3 which says was confirmed To Us by those.
 Hurt him, this suggests the author, received the Gospel Mission secondhand why Paul declared that he had not received the gospel from or through men. But through the Holy Spirit, other names have been proposed over the over the years, Barnabas Apollo's and even Priscilla. But the truth of the matter is, this whomever the arteries they were divinely inspired by God. The purpose of this epistle is prevent watch now is to prevent its readers. Number one from a
 Bending their faith in Christ. Jesus Lord, God. They were living in somewhat dangerous times. They would have been somewhat dangerous times. And although, the church was growing, the author wanted to reassure is readers. Not to allow the troubled times to make them abandon their faith in Christ Jesus. And I must stand today as an advocate for the author of the book of Hebrews to tell every person who is under the sound of my voice, don't you? Dare allow troubled times to cause you
 Abandoned your faith in Christ Jesus, no matter what you say, no matter what you're going through, no matter what you're dealing with, no matter what you're facing, don't you, dare, abandon your faith in Christ Jesus, let me take it. A step farther because some say they have not abandoned their faith in Christ Jesus. But they have abandoned his church. Now, realizing when you abandon his church, we abandon him and our faith in him. The author. Also number two, wanted.
 It to encourage his Jewish Brethren, not to go back to the old loan. He endeavored to Show the ship, I'm sorry, the superiority, the superiority of Christ and his Covenant. The author wants us not to go back to the old. Our old ways are old, thoughts are old man, and he wants us to see the power of us watch. Now being them in Covenant with Jesus.
 Quite, if he does not want them, he urges them not to go back to killing goats and lamb not to go back to go into the high priest, to get the god that I'm not to go back to the old things, the old sins, he wanted them to understand the superior the superiority of Christ Jesus and to see that the power of being in Covenant with Christ Jesus, he wants us to see Christ is superior over everything. That's why we
 we need to stay in Covenant with him. The author emphasize Christ is supreme over everything he wanted us to see it. It was not the goats, it was not the Bulls. It was not the doves, it was not things, it was not man but the power was was and still is in Christ. Jesus Osteo a keyword connected with Christ throughout this epistle it's better you see better a whole lot throughout the Epistle of Hebrews Hebrews.
 Chapter 1 in 4 cities. Christ is better than the Angels Hebrews 7 and 22 says Jesus had become a surety of a better Covenant Hebrews. 1719 sees we enjoy the bringing in of a better hope Hebrews 86 is he is also the mediator of a better Covenant which was established on better promises my God. Now huh this signifies to me that the auto want us to know
 That Christ is better. He's better. He's better than anything. He wants us to understand in the book of Hebrews that Christ is better. Can you right where you are in your homes and your car on your job? Open up your mouth and declare that Christ is better. Can you type it on the screen right now? And say, Christ is better. He's better than anything he is better. Yes. Lord God, he is better, huh? He's better in.
 The purpose of this pistol was to exhort his readers to remain, faithful to the much better things. They have in Christ Jesus, he wanted them to remain faithful to the much better. Things to what they have done, what they had in Christ Jesus. But also this epistle talks about this epistle talks to his readers about spiritual maturity and growth, yes. Lord, God, it talks about spiritual maturity and growth, can a church.
 Church. Shout growth. Growth growth, it's about growth. Hmm. It is God's desire for his children and his church to grow growth is defined as the process of increasing. So that means after I've salvation that is, after we come to Christ, there should be a process of increasing. There should be a process of us growing. We should not be the same.
 Way, we were spiritually that we were when we came to Christ, there should be a process just knowing god of us growing. There should be some kind of gross growth watch now, Hebrews chapter number 5, opens as part of a continuous train of thought, from the end of chapter, number 4 at the end of chapter, number 4, the right. Explain that Christ. Watch this Christ, status as fully, human made him uniquely qualify.
 Jesus can understand our weaknesses and Temptation says, he has experienced them. Just as we we have here at the beginning of chapter number 5, we see that a human high priest, must be able to emphasize with the people and all that to offer a sacrifice for their scenes only because Jesus was fully. Human was able to fulfill this role. The early part of chapter number 5. Once again, refers
 The Psalms chapter number 2 and, and songs. 110 the point made here if that Christ was called to his position of a high priest, by God, now, stay with me. He was called to position of a high priest by God. This is what the Hebrew writer is trying to explain to the Jewish Christians. He's trying to tell them that Christ position as a high priest by God even managed to get good job. The Old Testament verses are explained as a prophecy about the Messiah.
 Messiah being both. Watch this being both about saying, both a priest and a king, something that was not the case. In the days of Moses, David, or Solomon. Either you are a priest or you were a king. But now, the writer was trying to make them understand that Jesus Christ. He was so Superior that he was a priest, and he was a king. Um, the figure the king then,
 Look at the figure used to illustrate. This is the mysterious metal chairs of that from Genesis chapter number 14. According to the writer of Hebrews milchester decks unique combination of priesthood and kingship was a symbol of the eventual role Christ. What play as both I have priests and the one who made Davis, King Lion Eternal last later verse later verses in chapter five, transitions to
 Other dire warning earlier the writer of Hebrews sided, the readers to pay more attention to their faith. Those who are callous run, a risk of drifting in error and error. Always, come with consequences. In this case, there is much more to be said about how Christ is a part of a superior have priest but the original readers watch now need to be warned
 First not to be careless and apathetic about the word of God. This warning will continue through all of chapter. Number 6 here, the Pacific print hero, the specific criticisms is of spiritual in maturity. The writer was criticizing them for their lack of growing. He was criticizing them because he said, since your salvation nothing
 Really has changed since your salvation. You are still the same. Since your salvation six you came to Christ. There is no evidence of your growing in Christ Jesus. This letter is written specifically to Jewish Christians of the early church. Apparently that was a lack of development in their Christian lives knowledge and wisdom, watch this or
 That magically important at the moment of Salvation, I can't lay my hands on you, and I'll send you get knowledge and wisdom. No, I cannot just pray and that you're getting knowledge and wisdom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it takes you digging and getting into the word of God, some aspects of our spiritual lives. Take time and effort to develop those who fail to develop or like children, who are still dependent on milk when they should be eating.
 Solid food. Yes. Lord. God, I see y'all. I see you. I see you. I see you the end of chapter 5 and the earlier verses of chapter number 6, form and interesting approach by the writer of Hebrews. Watch now on one hand, he points out. Watch now that these Christians are immature and need to learn more about the subject. In this case, it is the idea of Jesus as a high priest. Using the example of midship milchester date on the other hand.
 The rider sees, these Christians are to spiritually immature for deeper details, my God. So what does the author of Hebrews, do he wants them about their lack of depth, but chooses not to start from scratch. Instead he will continue on with this as emanation of Christ, high priest, I appreciate it. The Lord is in the business of us growing. Can you all say that the Lord is in the
 The business of me growing, he's in the business of me growing. Yes, I talked about in your physical of stature. I'm talking about in your spirit man. He's in this business of us growing. He wants us to be spiritual mature. That's why Saints have been in church, but 20 years of Quinn church now because they have not grown. They have not been there, not spiritual material. That's why people who you thought was strong in the faith. Don't come to Christ, don't go to church, don't pray.
 Faith. Because they really have not grown the since their salvation. They just been going to church, just knowing god. And before, y'all want to blame a church, I got scripture to back me up is not the church, is not the word being preached about the work that's being taught. But the scriptures go show us what the problem is. I'ma show you. Uh-huh, they could not watch this. He wants me scripture, they couldn't not understand who God how could Jesus be their King and their high priest.
 How can Jesus be their King? How could you be the kingdom and their high priest? And the author was trying to get them to grasp that? This is something that they should already have some understanding about? Yes, Lord God not so much, so that Jesus could be a king and a high priest, but Jesus had the power to be whatever he needed to be. They could not grasp, not just, he was just King The King and a high priest.
 But he won't them to grasp the idea of the power and the superiority of Jesus Christ. Yes, Lord. God that he can be what ever he needed to be. Yes, Lord, God. He was trying to get them to see. Jesus superiority, their growth was stunted because they could not fully understandable. Who Christ was many of us suggest that these Jewish Christians Christians, right now, we are not growing because we don't understand Christ.
 Superiority. We do not fully understand who he really is. Yes. Lord God, these Jews could not see Christ, being a king or priest, but they could not stay. I'm sorry, these Jews Christians could see Christ as being a the king or a priest, but they could not see him, being both, which in essence, hindered them from growing. Because in order for them to grow to be what God
 Great them to be, they needed him to be their King and they need him to be their high priest Lord. God, some of us are in a Time, Warp in the spirit because we only see Christ to be one thing for us. I know we say he is the more but I actions prove otherwise. But today, the Lord wants us to grow everybody. Shout Road. I see y'all serious around. I see you, I see you still, I see y'all after you Shonda, he wants us to grow. Yes, Lord God, he wants us.
 To grow. He can be your provider, your peace and your protector, all at the same time, he can be your Comforts, your Creator and your Christ all at the same time he can be what you need him to be when you need him to be and he said I am that. I am yes. Lord God have your beef, whatever you need him to be, they could not see because of their lack of growth. The growth, the totality of Christ Jesus. Look at what the text says. Look at what the
 In verse number eleven, look at what it takes a is converting on me living, I'm reading out the new King James version. Look what it says in verse number 11, he says of whom we have much more to say and hand and, and it's hard to explain. She says, you have become dull in your hearing, never read again of whom we have much to say, and it's hard to explain since you have become dull in your hearing. Yes, Lord, God. The writer was saying, I want to tell you more about this.
 Supernatural superiority of Christ Jesus but I can't because you're a dull in your hearing. Yes. Lord God, the preaching. One, do the teacher one dog. He says, you're a dull in your hearing. We like to blame the teacher of the word but being dumb but about being dumb. But here, the writer says you're hearing, them has become dull.
 The rather say is I have much more exciting news about the power of Christ, but I cannot even tell you because you are hearing is dull. Your hearing is dull, y'all hearing is dry. You're hearing is dead. Yes. Lord God, the word is going forth but I hearing has become Tanya have a conquela day. The Amplified Bible says concerning this. We have much to say and it's hard to
 Explain since you are become dull and sluggish in your spiritual hearing and disinclined to listen, you don't even want to hear what the word of God is saying. The writer was saying, you were rather stay right where you are instead of finding out more about the Supreme supreme power of Jesus Christ, instead of finding out, he can be whatever you need him to be yourself.
 But with him just being one thing, you satisfied with him being in the Box, just terrified with where you are in Christ Jesus. The rata wanted them to know because he wanted them to understand. That Christ is bigger, oh, Lord, God, and stronger than anything that you're going to have to go through to the writer had a vivid picture in a vivid vision of what the church was going to have to go through in the coming of time that they were going to have to face trial. They were going to have to face tribulation that for
 Folks were going to die that folks. We're going to have to lose their lives and they're gonna have to be torturing and thrown in jail. He saw the picture of what the church was getting ready to go through, but he want them to understand the power, and the supreme power of Jesus Christ that he is bigger, and stronger than anything that they were getting ready to go through. And I came to tell somebody today, that Christ is bigger and stronger than anything that you're going to face.
 Life just or got. He's bigger, he's stronger. Thank you, Crystal, he's bigger and stronger than anything. You're going to face in your life, marriage problems. He's bigger and stronger financial problems. He's bigger and stronger that saying that, you think you cannot stop. The devil is a liar, christ--the is bigger and stronger than anything. You're going to face in life. He wanted them to understand how big and powerful Christ woes. Yeah, he wanted them to understand.
 And that was Christ that with Christ. Nothing shall be impossible for them. He wanted them to understand that with Christ, no weapon, that is formed against them shall behave. I see you dirty to prosper. Yes. Lord. He want them to understand that Christ what's their high priest and their King. What don't y'all miss this? He said he want them to understand and try to teach them. That Christ was the real milchester. Think he was the high priest and the King. Why is that important injured?
 That important in it, he was their high priest and their King. They could not grasp Christ being the kingdom and the high priest. At the same time they figured he had to be one or the other but he could not be both. Yes. Lord God. They can understand the deity and the power of Christ. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. He was there high priests and their King. Watch this the one them meaning Christ as the high priest in her seat and go to God on.
 Their behalf. And because he was the king because he was the king him going to God was him going to him to himself on their behalf. Meaning he has the power to heal and forgive he has the power to get you out and get you delivered. She has Lord God. They could not see it because of their spiritual immaturity and that's why many of us are stuck. We know God can get us out, but we don't believe that God continue. So we believe that God
 Killed us but we don't believe that God can't deliver us but God can heal, and he can't forgive all at the same time. He can get you out and get you believe. With all at the same time, they could not see it because of their spiritual immaturity. Not only that, but there was satisfied, they were okay with not growing. There are some folks who are listening to me right now, who don't even know it who don't even know it, but they're satisfied with my
 I've grown, they are disinclined to listen. Their hearing has become dull. Let me show you a saint to let you know, if your hearing has gotten do, let me show you Sam. I'm about through to show you. If your hearing has gotten door, if you're trying to read your word, read the word of God and it's getting boring to you and you keep falling asleep. While you read your hearing has gotten done, I know some folks would disagree because
 It's boring, just reading, the Bible is boring, just reading the Bible, but the Bible says, the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged for the word of God got power. When not loses power of the word of God will stand forever. The word does not change. The problem is not the word. The problem is. How are you receiving the word of God? Yes, Lord, I am. It's not a problem.
 Mm with what God is saying. The problem is, how are you hearing it? And how is it coming until your hearing? Yes, Lord God, when you are hearing the word of God is not Dull. As a matter of fact, when you hear the word of God, it's not Dull. You receive the word of God with gladness and you see growth. Yes, no doubt he said, when it talks about the parable of the seed,
 Just say it. When the seas are thrown on good ground is like the word falling on that they receive is like somebody receiving the word of God with gladness and you see evidence of something growing because they receive the word of God with gladness. Yes nor God. Look at the rubric. The rider throws out in verse. Number 12, we can recruit the right throws out a verse number 12. Look at what he says in verse number 12, I'm about to real promise
 Uh-huh. He says for though, by this time by, by this time, by this time, by this time y'all been going to church mean hearing the word of God. You can talk to me hearing what's been going on? You seen Jesus hanging on a cross, you seen them laid him in a tomb. You seen him get up with all power in his hand. You see him raised Lazarus from the dead. You see him feed 5,000, people to the fish, five loaves of bread. You seen his power and authority, how he healed a man and forgave him. Yes, Lord God, everyone time. You seen how he healed the woman that was stooped over.
 If that the sanctuary and he told us that up, he healed her right in the sanctuary. You seen him the power of Jesus Christ, you heard how he taught the power and authority, that came from his lips. So by this time verse number 12 and Hebrews, you ought to be teachers. Hmm. You but instead, you need someone to teach you again, the first principles of the Oracles of God and you have come to me milk and not solid food. Lord God help me Jesus. Yeah, yes, Lord.
 He was saying when you should be telling somebody about the goodness of Jesus, someone still had to come and tell you about the goodness of Jesus, because you're still stuck in a Time. Warp your growth has been studied, because you are, what I say is, you're using the word is going to your ear, but you're not allowing it to be made manifest in your life.
 You're spiritually in mature. So when you should be teaching about this, you have need for teaching, you're going to Jesus said, go ye into all the world preach to together. Baptized in the name of the father, Son and Holy Ghost. The church job until the church. Y'all don't touch her job. And her job is to make disciples. As we make disciples, what you learn is your job to go out and tell somebody else what you learned. And now they can come and they can learn more and now they can go out and give others and tell them about what they learned and it.
 Revolving door compete coming in, coming, in coming and the church continues to expand, but the church can grow is because we have too many people still in the crib. So now those who really need them, you can't get the milk because we who should be eating meat or eating what the baby she'll be eating. We're not growing because I hearing has gotten do. Yes, Lord, God, we don't want to hear about what we don't want to grow. We want to stay.
 Stay in the same shape that we're in but today the Lord is telling us that it's time for us to grow. Watch this, watch this when when crystal ball, when he was a baby he was first born. Can you imagine this key? Imagine Cory. How much gold is Cory? Cory 7 and Christopher a baby, a newborn baby. Can you imagine when Christopher need milk?
 Core drunk, it all up. He is taking all his baby food now. Christopher cannot grow properly, because someone who should be eating something else is eating what the baby still with, what the baby needs after you Tanya, can you imagine that that that he needs to milk? And now, when I come down and try to give him the milk, he needs, I cannot give it to him because other guess he still, he still trying to drink milk. Can you imagine
 Imagine when I see you surrounded, we didn't run up all the milk. Yes, Lord, God, can you imagine we're tapping to go to bed, to get his crib core, big, long legs self laying his crib, I can't even lay him down. So he get the proper risk. He needs everything that he needs, someone that should be help taking care of him. Can't even do it because now they're taking up the space. That's what happens in the church folks want to come in and to grow and to expand it to know more about God. But because we who have been in
 All my life, still on milk. We cannot properly. Nourish those who are new babes in Christ. We cannot give them what they probably need because we're still stealing from them what they need? Yes, Lord God, but the Lord said today, is time to grow Living Church. I see y'all, if I said growth about said, growth growth, it's time to grow. There's somebody who needs what God
 spoke to you. That's somebody who need a word from the love it. They'll always get it for me. They always get it from further to make an angle. Always get it from there. They are we getting from Tanya, you have something in you to get somebody saved. Your she do you have what you need? Lord said, clean your ears out clean. Get the wax out. Your ears wake up. Get out of that door moment. Get out of those things and shake that stuff off. Its time to grow.
 I see you. I see you. I see you. It's time to grow. Time to grow seeds, remain icy. Your roof is it's time to grow leave. Our number 13. It says, for everyone who partakes, only a milk is unskilled in the word of, right? Who everyone who partakes of nipples are skilled in the word of righteousness, that's why we give up so easy, that's why you quit so easily. That's why we always going through. And when we go knocking, let me change that. Because we go go through as Christians, we know that many other functions of the righteous.
 But that's why God can't deliver us out of them all because we're still babes. We cannot handle and we cannot face it with, with joy in our hearts. We cannot face those trials and those tribulations knowing that weeping may endure for a night but joy comes in the morning. We quote those scriptures but it really has not made been made manifest in our spirit. We don't believe it. We say it, but we don't believe it. Crystal, we say it. We shouted. We dancing. But soon, as some come out way because of our spiritual immaturity, we don't walk in who Christ has called for us to be. We are more than
 Backwards. We all Victorious. He is our God. He is our King. The writer was trying to get them to understand that Jesus is more than you can ever know. And I wish that he would have, if we had a rope where he would he want to say. He said it's so much so you won't be able to handle what I'm talking about. Jesus even said that the Bible says, he says, it says Jesus continued to do Miracles so many so that we could not even write them in this book because y'all will not be able to handle it.
 Yeah.
 Can you imagine that God wants us, spiritual mature to be able to give folks what they need for us, to have what we need to be able to do what God has called for us to do not rely on. Y'all really long, you say it's rare, one chocolate milk on his skill in the word of righteousness for he is a babe. What is God calling you?
 Is he calling you a babe? Time to get out the milk. Complain about everything, mad about everything. Not moving forward and everything, baby babe. Not trusting him, babe, not believing in on him babe now operator and what he's called you to do babe.
 Baby, verse 14, verse 14, it says, see the way. I see you big, bro. The solid food belongs to those who are full a solid food belongs to those who are four days. They can handle that is those who by reason of use, have their senses, exercised to discern, both, good and evil. You can handle it.
 You're welcome who God called you. Meeting me who God called, you can do what God called you to do.
 Because thank you her lady because, you know, and understand right from wrong and not only be, you know it but you know how to walk away from things is not of Gods.
 You know, how to be what the Lord has called for us to be.
 Yes, Lord. God he called for us to be christ-like. He calls us to be like him. We gotta look like him. We gotta walk like him going to talk like him what Alia of like him. If I say bro I'm through here by said grow here about Sacro rope this Hebrew, right? We're trying to let them understand said, look, man crisis much more than you can ever imagine. He can be the king and the high priest at the scene, he can be whatever you need him to be.
 When you need him to be that. Yeah. Yeah. You could be that. Yeah, yeah. It might be a different problem but he's the same Christ.
 It may be a different situation, but he's the same price, he had the same power. Yes, Lord God. And he can get you out and give you the power and ability to stay out.
 He can he can heal you and give you the power and the ability to stay healed. He can give you the strength to get through. Any fire swim through any flood, he is Lord God. He give you strength in a bitches do that.
 Yes, he will, but we have to grow. We have to grow. We have to grow. We have the growth. Don't let your hearing it. Build only two here and you're doing military. Tell you when you feel you're here again. Those are not shake. It is our Lord's clean. My ears out Lord I want to be able to hear you. I want to walk in the fullness of the I want to be able to receive your word with gladness.
 I want to be excited about hearing the word of God having to be excited about hearing the word of God. Yes, no God. There could be someone who's not saying right now. Come on back and give our praise give. God praise. Give God praise
 Come on. Play some from an injury. Yeah, they give God praise. Y'all. Give God praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Yes.
 The coming songs not saved, as we get ready to worship God, and give it to worship, God and keep his own not saved, who are not accepting Jesus Christ, and that person to save you. If you had a sip to him saying, saying, if I die today, I know I'm going to heaven. If you're not sure of that. Repeat this prayer with me. Father God, in the name of Jesus. Forgive me for all of my sins.
 Lord God, I confess you as Lord Of My Life.
 Lord God, I believe my heart. I confess with my mouth, the Lord Jesus that God raised him from the dead. You said, if I do that, I'm saying, I believe. Now, I'm saved. Hallelujah. Then I could be someone saying, look, I'm saying, but I want to be your night with new life first major International because it's time for me to grow. It's time to get somewhere where I can learn more God and you can make it with God and be who God called me to be. If God has called you to do that. We are love to have you right here at New Life, Christmas for international 1090 Silo world, will love to have you. There's no got to send me a message.
 You put up on the screen right now. If you want to have the Lord will lead you, but we are love to have you hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, let's get rid of worship. God, come on, let's get rid of worship. God play me any kind of worship? Song injury. If you can't, thank you. Yes. Come on. Let's worship God. Y'all foie. Gras.
 Hallelujah. Thank you. Jesus. It's time for our tithes and offering digital put it up on the screen are ways to give God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus Bibles at the bring you ties and offering to the storehouse that there may be meat in. Mine house is Lord God.
 Don't be a bag. Don't let us have to rehash. Teach on tithing is Lou, you don't? I pay taxes. We got to pay taxes, we get to, we don't pay taxes, we scared of God, we pay our task because we love God. Yes, Lord. God, nobody scare us. Some make us fear God to be a beginning. We give because we love them. Yes. Lord, I will you give because you love God, you know, saying if everything is works out,
 When you do it because you're scared of me, man. If we push on a roller coaster ride,
 But we pay out Todd because we love the Lord your gear because we love them. Yeah, we give because we love them. There are a few ways to give you can give on give the Phi. Because if I'm Gilda fire and search out New Life, Christian major International Greensboro, Georgia, 1090 Siloam, Road is Lord God. You also give with some cash out on cash out. That's dollar sign in ill CMI,
 011 in Elsie Mi 2011, let's name of the Lord and if you also see directly in my wife and myself, you can sew it onto the making some cash out, the makest ehem. Acon is the making mac, ons that's our ways of giving career opportunity. Now to pay your tires and you're offering. So you'll see, God bless, all those who have been paying their tax and are offering
 I thank you all so very much those I'm telling, I'm guys gracious with so many great members and new language mentioned National that you've been showing you the scenes, you've been paying your ties. Immediately, people pay that as soon as they get paid dependent eyes immediately when they get paid less than our Lord. And I'm so proud. I'm so thankful for you all for being so, obedient unto God, I mean, you're giving me. So I'll be unto God and you're giving, let's pray over offering. Local, thank you, Miss offering a little faster and hands of Thieves and robbers, but be used with update of your kingdom. Look,
 Oh, God bless us over floors. Everything every good, and perfect. Gift that come from you. In Jesus name, we pray. Amen. And God bless his name. A law for talking often will turn over to my wife for our announcements. Amen.
 Are you good morning? Good morning. Good morning. We are back on Tuesday, Tuesday morning, for I'm Tuesday morning for prayer at six. Amen. 6:00 a.m. for prayer. We're going to be on the prayer line on Facebook, and on zoom on. We were out of town last week. So past was only on the prayer line, but we will be back on all platforms on this week. Also, don't forget, we are back with our youth Bible study.
 And that is at 6:30 for ages from babes for my babies to age 11, that's at 6:30. And then at 7:00, it starts with age 12 to 18 for our Bible study and then on Wednesday is our duck, Bible study, at 7:15, we're on Zoom currently, we're on, Zoom only for our Bible study we will try and transition to Facebook and zoom just barely
 He is, I get acclimated to all of that because I passed the makings on me on Facebook but I'm not, but I'm going to work with mr. Landry, so that we can also have Bible study on Facebook as well but until then please meet us on Zoom for Bible study on Wednesday at 7:15. Don't forget that. We were here every Sunday morning for a prayer starts at 8 o'clock on the also on
 On Zoom starting at, I'm sorry, prayers at 8:00. Forgive me, prayer starts at age, then Sunday school starts at 8:30 and then we start service at 10. So please meet us here for service for prayer. And for Sunday school on Sundays that is it please govern yourselves accordingly. Amen. And also, we will be in the sanctuary next Sunday. We'll be back in the sanctuary. I'll make something, don't fret.
 If you will be on Facebook, will still be on zoom and all those Outlets, but we will be back in the sanctuary for those who would like to come, yes. Mask or required temperature checks, will be at the door, but we will be back in the sanctuary on this Sunday. Hallelujah. God bless God for that. I think that's all the enough. You don't forget to the morning prayer, we love you all. So very much preferably we will hear from you all on Tuesday morning at 5 a.m. let us pray so that we can be released.
 There's a thank y'all so much for being in service today. Thank y'all so much. Don't forget, listen, listen, that's me. Tie, my growing don't forget Sunday, school and bible study. I'm telling you y'all missing something. When you miss your. Son's going to Bible study. So school starts school, people, they already fired up when they get here already because they already got a word and they already be ready for service and I'm so listen y'all get on Sunday school getting Bible said it also properly. So we would be
 So it on Facebook and we'll to go to even about some school. So we love y'all, let's pray, look, everything I have seen that you've heard, they will move your spirit, Even in our separate places, we all connect together through your spirit through your blood, you pray now. Lord God as many as place to leave your present at this worst and I heart help us to continue. Father got to grow in. You father God, that we can be who you called us, to be the church, maybe who you called for the church to be forgot that we can reach the world. Father God, save Souls change lives. Turn people's lives around. Lord God.
 In the mighty name of Jesus father, God we bless you. We praise you. Thank you Father God for xiong as father God that you are more than just one thing for the guy. You can be whatever we need you to be in our lives. Father God, we thank you could be our peace. You are, you are, you are comforter. Father God, you are king. You are savior. You are delivering. Father God, you are. You are your everything follow God. Yes, Lord God, we thank you know, y'all provider, Lord God, you are protecting Lord. God we thank you for the Lord. God. It's in my name of Jesus.
 Apparently, thank you now, never tell the guards. Shout a man. Holly, we love you two parts. We love your policy. Hallelujah, we love y'all. Be blessed. Y'all. Go in peace.
