I need you to get bored.
 Hallelujah.
 I love you. Jesus, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love God, hallelujah. We bless them this morning. Hallelujah! We say we love you. Jesus! We can't make it without you. God, we need you. Jesus. Hallelujah. And we give him all the glory. Honor and praise. Hallelujah.
 If not, we accept your your participation on, zoom on Facebook, all of that. And the third, we are just glad to have you with us this morning as we go forth and worship. So, glad to see all you guys in the building. I just love God when I was thinking and looking to move out of your way, but I said we got, you know, we have faithful because we got pickles on zoo. We got our very own be combated Stevens and how they met.
 Call me. Go on, get dressed and come back to service a man. So blessed to have speak about it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you more to come. Amen in in ways of appreciation, but I say good morning early, that we appreciate you a man, but it is more to come a man. What a man on the road, his camera. Amen. Amen.
 Thank you.
 One of the greatest, one of all over are email works of Lita is what I call him. That is made of solyndra growing a man. We called her own baby because he rolled his daddy to make sure he'll and then he'll want. I'm a man. So, I just had to say that this morning, just because we're so grateful to be here.
 Excited about where we're headed. And most importantly, we are grateful for all of you all, who decided to join us from your home, a man because we know that you can be tuned in other places, but we thank you for tuning in with us. So, I'm going to turn it over to our Apostle, Apostle, Corey making to lead us into our word this morning. Amen. Come on.
 God, welcome you on your homes.
 Hallelujah, this worship God, we worship god did for me on your miles up, hallelujah. Hallelujah, given affiliate lips.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah. Yes, Lord God, hallelujah. Yes. Lord God. Come on. Your miles of wherever you are your home and your calls on your job in the sanctuary? Yes. Make it home just like Square this morning. Hallelujah. If you're going to be in the house other than you,
 Whoo. Hallelujah. Give yes, yes yes.
 yes, log on
 just going on above every name that at the name of Jesus, every knee shall bow.
 Yes dog. What's his name?
 Hallelujah.
 Where am I?
 Oh God.
 Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah.
 Hello, brother. Have you got braids, Hallelujah?
 Can you just got Worthy? Is your name. Come on and get it. Working your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah, Worthy is your name.
 Jesus.
 Hallelujah.
 Thank you. Lord. If you have your Bibles to Hebrews. Hallelujah.
 Hebrews.
 Chapter number 13, Hebrews chapter number 13, Hallelujah. And if you don't feel good being here today. Amen. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Mother God bless you. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Mr. Lord. Amen. I'm sorry, I got back with me. They hate men. Hebrews chapter number 13.
 Verses 12 through 15. I'm Rena King James version, 12th. And 15th, says these words right here, therefore, Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood. He must have his own blood. We think about the people, his own blood suffered outside the gate, therefore, let us go forth to him outside the camp. Bearing, his reproach for here, we have no continuing City but we seek the one to come. Therefore, by him, those continually offer the sacrifice of praise to God. That is
 The fruit of our lips giving. Thanks to his name, reverse 12, or more time to say these words. Therefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood. Something outside, the gate bridge / 50. One more time, therefore, by him, let us continually offer the sacrifice of praise to God. That he is the fruit of our lips. Giving, thanks unto his name. Amen. Amen. Go talk on from this subject this morning. If it's the blood it is, the blood gets
 The blood. If I say is the Bloods this is the blood is the blood, it's blood, it's blood, he meant, they want skiing, as I did on last week, I'm coming out with a book of Hebrews. The book of Hebrews is said to be one of the most beautiful, one of the most well-written, one of the most poetic one of the most profound. One of the most prolific books of the New Testament. The epistle we call, Hebrews is quite profound and prolific all those I told you on last week there are something based on zero.
 Mostly a larger degree that that Apollo's is in our likelihood wrote the book, opposed to Paul, you will hear Paul talked about Apollo in the book of Corinthians when he talks to the church at Corinth because Apollo had Faith through Korean watch this now. And when Paul got back to Corinth that is all they were talking about, they were talking about Apollo all have with the Corinth preachers preach, the start of the church after he left Apollo Kaymer to correct and
 Reach under the fire of the Holy Ghost and that he left and Paul came back. All prick was talking about was this man named Apollo and he had to kind of be at the kind of to defend himself. He said I came to you. I came not to you with sweating words or ex-exactly ethics excellently. See a speech. But a Pharisee of the spirit. What does it matter? Some say of you Apollo's and some say, you have a ball, you're one man plant. Another man, water it.
 God gives the increase as I listen to the dialogue to Paul to the Corinthian Church is sound like Paul was a little intimidating. If you read over in Acts chapter number 18 or 19, you will find wallows were described as being fervent in the scriptures and mighty in the spirit and the Bible declares him as this profile and prolific Verizon. And I believe that that's a slit. A true of the text in which we're going to talk about today. Well, God is the
 Ultimate author, the right expresses himself in different styles. So from chapter that, shout there from book to book for Revelations, from Genesis to Revelation to Revelations, you will see stylistic differences in the house of the scriptures are made, but God is the ultimate honor. There is a difference, watch this and being after the author and being the right shoe, the author has the missions. And the writer writes them is that does not matter right there in the author had the face but the
 Watch the Miss, there is a difference between those two things. So this book is offered by God but it's written by various people. So it's important that you understand that to appreciate the demographics of to appreciate the demography of The Taste. The second thing I want to say to these four preliminary, before we get into the text, the very name of the book is self. Suggest something that we must discuss a little bit. The fact that the book
 It is called Hebrews points to the fact that God is Not colorblind. He is not oblivious to the culture. The fact that the Bible takes the time to address Christ through different cultural, who cut cultural suggest that God is not ashamed. And not a saint of are diversities. He celebrates adversities and yet calls us into Unity. It's possible to be proud of what you are and still be able to
 It was somebody who is quite different than you that is some of the power of love and the Mystery of our faith and the Mystery of the human experience that we have many diverse. We are many, we are varied and diverse but yet still God wants us to operate in unity. Let the church say Unity. Now Duty I will admit it's hard to achieve and the enemy does all he can to fight against Unity because whatever God sees Unity he dwells in them.
 Miss of unity is Yahoo in our Unity. Whether it's 2,000 of us, $200 or two of us heat the whale to any Unity. He said what? Two or three are gathered together in my name. I will be in the mission and if they are Pentecost could not occur until they were in one place on wonder core because God loves Unity. Come on shouting. Hey y'all - Ali Unity you're typing on the screen.
 Going to a homemade Unity. If you want to look over your life, the thing that the internet has most open-minded, fix you in your life is Unity, whether it is in your house, what is it? You're choosing whether it's with your stomach, the enemy hates Unity, because God loves Unity. He knows that we watch this. Now, he knows any of that we touch and agree to Yellow something happens. He knows her they is jokes are broken. He knows change them all down. You know, cancer? Sweetie, no,
 Who will disappear no Disease, by help me know, but he's come out of your body, whatever, we connect something up, that's why he might surface. Now just to do what we unify, you no longer living together. That's why we all get out who's things where we were.
 Who would exhaust the best because the devil want to call the vision in the house of God because he knows if we get together.
 Maya told my definition of Kamal, insert the disc New Life.
 Yes. Lord God well Jesus. Pray that we might be one even as him. And the father were also one. He is, was not afraid to be distinct in of of himself. He and the father watching out our one about him, and yet, there are things that can be said about Jesus, that could not be said about the father that although they're the same person, Jesus was distinct in himself.
 For example, Jesus died.
 For example, Jesus was born. Was that what? Jesus wept. So Jesus is not afraid to be one but still unique in his own to be one of the following must be unique in his own person. That's the mystery of the power of who God is he thought it not robbery to be equal to God and get made himself of no reputation. That is what the writer was trying to teach the Hebrews. He want them to get the Revelation that Christ could be more than just one thing.
 He was not her Steve, she was not worse. Your watch is diversity. Yeah, it was interesting to understand that God correctly. That's a lot of your he go, right to the people who live in Thessalonians. So I'd like you to have a special understanding of the word that is curved and community of their understanding, his metaphors with different disabilities with different the comparisons of difference. So they would be more Adept to the culture because so strong that he can speak.
 The same truth in different languages, not only can God speak in your country or language he can speak to anything, he wants to speak to. That was some of the right there. He can speak to anything. He wants to speak through to nothing at all. The limit is nothing is too far. Nothing has you crazy. He can speak to our couch and I'm not enough. We're here. Never have to move and speak to the queen and the reading of the word.
 Are you going to wait? He's a football around. He can speak to the role for all of the people speak on it. So life and don't speak Swahili, you know, how to speak to it.
 Pick one late.
 To wherever you are, my God.
 That's good news right there buddy. No one Lets Get News mother of all of them pick his relate to wherever you are.
 And that's why this book is called the book of Hebrews because he is speaking in the language, the people of Hebrew, the sick would understand, the book is preoccupied and causing those watch. This ebook is preoccupied and causing those who are stuck in a judaic tradition to better. Understand the true that revelation of who Jesus was they were stuck in a tradition that only saw Jesus one way. So the writer said let me show you who's Jesus
 Revelation of who Jesus really is. And before you begin to look down on building the Hebrew, many of us are just like them, we see Jesus only in one way. So today, the Lord says, I want to give you a revelation of who I truly am, but what I Revelation you would not understand who Jesus. Is it is possible, but Jesus to be amongst you and if you don't have the right word revelation, you would not see that he is even there.
 So now he lived. Oh God, oh God.
 For now, he is Leah for 33 years. He's died on the whole Red Cross has been buried. And if my father grave, he has been hidden behind a stone. Stone. Had been rolled away. He is risen from the dead and Hebrews is written in retrospect explaining what has happened to the people in contemporary society and they might embrace the fact that the one that was hung on a tree, whose arms were stretched out, who's ahead.
 Head with whose head was late in the locks of his shoulder and Diner to their son refused the signs and the ground began to quake and tremble was the same Jesus. Somebody out here the same Jesus, the Same Jesus, that puts up a wedding turned water into wine, the same Jesus that took to fish those already paid the same Jesus.
 Mr. Porter. Because the Hebrews watch the, this is important because the Hebrews just saw him as one thing. But in essence, he was many. He was a Healer. Yes. Lord, he was a deliverer. He was a soul-saving. He was the son of God. He was God In the Flesh. He was a priest. He was Jesus.
 Now this leads us into understanding of the book of Hebrews and we come to wrestle with the fact that this particular writer is endowed with the power and the ability and the articulation of speech and the understanding of Truth to show those who were stuck in judea's Tradition tradition whom Jesus really is by using illustration connected to their culture is really is an Evangelistic book law God gives that later. So God
 I needed somebody to talk to the Hebrews. Y'all hear me. Unzoom you hear me, crystal! He needs somebody to talk to the Hebrews because salvation was to the Jews first, then to the Greek. God Now does not want anybody to perish. But everybody come to repentance and is laboring through the writings of Hebrews. So they can have a better understanding of who Christ truly is. So they can truly be saved by his blood.
 Good.
 Who starts the book of Hebrews chapter number one, version of one or two. We start by saying God who at sundry times and in divers matter speaks in time past unto the father's by the prophets. But in this last days spoken to us by his son is the same God, but spoke through different people. He spoke through the prophets in the Old Testament, but in these last days, he has
 Spoken unto us by his sons and he bruised, being begins to correlate, what happens to Jesus through the things they could relate to. It talks about the levitical priesthood, it talks about Jesus being a priest. Like I told you last week, after the order of Melchizedek today, these people these were people that were familiar with things that they will understand that y'all with me. Now he didn't act the rabbit, not go over their head, he did not
 It to be, he did not go to a place where the people could not understand. But he began to teach them in a language. And in a culture that they would understand, I can't go to the hood and talk about what was that. He said, have a new Tuesday, they will not understand it. I got the ginger level and teach them something and I know what they will understand.
 He spoke to them to write his biggest of them in a way. They would understand things that were familiar with. Yes, it starts part about him being both cruel or God knows what type of the most that I got myself. Happy I hear you saying that next. It starts by talking in the book of Hebrews bother about him being both the offering and the Opera Lord God.
 That he entered in. Once by himself with himself. Oh, what up himself to himself is a mystery but y'all catch the minute all the way up to Jesus. You were either the upper or other all Marine. The move. Could not be, though. It was all three.
 But Jesus. Well, Garfield is Bob Dylan y'all having distinction of being the first one to be both the other own and operate. No pre Jesus.
 He had an offering.
 To contaminate the sanctity of the offering Lord God. So that when you got, I'm sorry. So that when you got ready to plead the blood of Jesus over your children, it would have married her fingerprints on it. When you begin to think about of Jesus on all we do Batman.
 Jesus on all his Nation would not have married fingerprints on it. Yes, no God he was saying watch this to me. Oh Jesus. I don't want to catch what I already cured.
 So we're in the book of Hebrews, who God, he's I want to catch what I already cured. I went to the Cross to cure your backslide and spiritual, but if you text me, so bringing that back sighs. Don't test me is because I want you to I want to catch flowers here. Someone's like thank God.
 Fuck don't wants me to us today. So I texted a, the writer has an every other chapter leading up to now has led us down a road of legitimizing Christ, ethnicity. And of course, we're ethnicity a UTA Tian, TI, C, ity.
 But yeah, I'll tell you say anything.
 Look like Christ according to the traditions of the Hebrews of being eligible to be the sacrificial lamb, that the writer of Hebrews who some say is Apollo is now legitimizing Christ as the sacrificial lamb. Not only that
 But to become also, our high priest. Now, they didn't have a problem here. Another problem with him being the high priest and then they didn't want him to be the sacrificial lamb. How can he man in flesh? Be the sacrificial lamb. It's not a writer. You're ready to explain them. Y'all missing out on something, Bridge had a priest right there. Bias if you missed out on something, when you don't accept Jesus Christ, as your personal savior, all of the gospels have proved. He is
 Genealogy from whence he came which indicated the versatility that he was the Messiah. The one who was to come. And I said that right. Y'all here I say they're right, I did not sure it's crazy because I did not see him asked Messiah.
 We have come down to the 13th chapel. And then the riderhood Kathleen knows to us that Jesus died without the camp and we say it and I changed. It said, geez die, without the camera and I wanted to take the time for us to understand that Jesus did not do all that he did, so that he can stay in the camp. Wait a minute, Jesus didn't do all that. He can just stay in a building. He did everything that he can.
 So, he can get his name outside of the building.
 Because if we construct him in four walls, we have imprisoned him. It was never his will to be trapped in a building. We go get it in a minute. The reason why many of us keep doing the same thing over and over again? Mr. To Nia is because we have constricted God just to a building.
 That means we only feel him when we were in the building, we only do right? When we are in the building, we've only Praise Him in the building. He is too big to be held in what we built and it was. Now Amigas is something about to shake us from thinking about is all about a feeling he's trying to shake up as I go.
 I know the building I love in terms of I love those series of. Don't you kick me in the building?
 You got to do stopping after we leave the building to get his Iowa outside of the building.
 And yes.
 Surprise.
 We can guide our thoughts exactly outside of your way of doing things and watch the expand.
 The building works better with your own personal building your own, what you got going on in your own life. You see how expanding but you get me out your small bigger. Think I'm getting this new to God because you get there is little bit when I can do a whole life.
 We have the building for us. Not God, he'll need to build. He got somewhere to sit, he sits on the throne.
 Who is her?
 If you let him hear, show up Giggle forces, wait, but if you call Miriam mother show up, you're going to lose, right?
 Problem, that we may God too small.
 If we lift them up like we supposed to I'm not through, I problems with shriek Jesus died outside the camp because the camp had too many restrictions lugod. He got outside of Camp. They haven't got the can't have too many restrictions. Can't have too many boundaries. That's why he said I'm going to hit on the side because the camp is too constricted. That's why I hate. Criminals didn't escalate this becomes a killer.
 The walls like religion but these were looking for relationship will need to make sure you want to pray out loud and run boats but relationship, make you go in your closet and bring religion makes you worry about whether people have our own relationships. Look at your heart. Religion goes by program but relationship, allow the spirit to have his way outside of account.
 That's what I thought the cuter because he sent their physiology, he said their Traditions, he said no idea.
 Hey, working great, Lucifer, son of the morning.
 Round showing the Hebrews, they have tuna walls as it pertains to Jesus. Many of us have got too many walls that Nick's as it pertained to Jesus to get rolling. Wait a minute not only did the writer speaking to the Hebrews of all he speaking to us right now.
 He's saying, we have too many walls as it pertained to Jesus. They saw him as a priest, but it could not see him after sacrifice. They, the one that they saw him at the priest, but it could not see him had to sacrifice many of us see him as a priest, but we don't see him as a sacrifice. What do you mean, Apostle making meaning we see him as someone who can forgive sins. But not someone who can wash away Isis.
 But we see him someone who can forgive our sins. I call him leave and I messed up but we will see
 bring him to me.
 It don't block the hard to see if it wasn't so serious away.
 If I would have put some years ago, if I would get a bottle and put and put everything I've done wrong and it's not a ball, went to the eye when our favorite play. The same distance to the beach, threw that ball in the beach. The waves are going to push that bottle. So I never saw him again. That means nothing in the bottle. I will be connected to ever again because it's
 Gong his blood and just a forgiver but it's just like that when we let his blood washes I sensory it disconnects us from the sand.
 It washes as since won't know, God and Allah shall name him away. That means when I allow his blood to do this evolving and by his grace, his blood had the power and the ability to this connect me from back with your family, back in Washington, I believe. Now, step the Hebrews it just came up
 Gordon. Now, they just didn't want to believe it because they didn't want their sins washed away. They just moved there. Seems like I have an open door to do whatever they want to do. What they want to do, I had it wonder whether you want to do that. They didn't want him to be their sacrifice. Look what it says in verse number 12, you say it down for Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood. I'm gone.
 That he might sanctify the people with his own blood, aren't you? Glad you don't you tell me what you did.
 It is the blood of Jesus, the blood of animals.
 But the blood of Jesus cleared the scene in other words around with the blood of Jesus, unlike animals does not wash those things away. But at a time,
 It must be because he knows the blood of this. Will you marry me?
 This is me.
 There was nothing that was stuck in a Time. Warp. It was stuck in a Time. Warp they were stuck.
 Want to hold on to old traditions. That had no power. That could not free. You could not save. You could not cleanse. You could not get you out.
 But Jesus said I Sanctified with my blood that doesn't do it. He sanctifies us called us out says apart to be used by him. See the blood is more than just forgiveness of sin. It sets you apart to be used by God if it be so simple as giving somebody at home, that's going through a bad day.
 He said to a popular person that time to hug his blood now is different rate from you to him. It's a super says about you told me all right.
 Forget that gives you the strength to help somebody come out of what they're in blood of Jesus big, another building. My blood is crying through the streets.
 Crying looking for somebody to clean.
 This is his blood. Y'all. I want to read verse 15 says he said because I sanctify. You mother washes need to do bird number 15. He's angrily, you're stuck. He says he had this plan to the Hebrews because evidently when whoever was writing this, I guess he felt. Yeah, yeah. Y'all need to be a little more scientific about this blood, look at what he says, he gives them instructions, perfectly says, therefore my him with us.
 Best I ever, preached, you ever passed every bishop ever in a sense of every, every praise and worship needed every every Deacon, every mother. Every remember, if you clean the bathroom, you, if you fought the cause I parking lot. If you don't pass a let us continually
 Offer sacrifices watch this because he knows that you can't sacrifice well, he sacrifice. So I'm going to take a second Vice, what you can sacrifice continue to operate off of the sacrifices of Praise. That is what we say is celebrating God, that is the fruit of our lips, giving, praise
 I'm sure I got let me say it again. He says, let us continually offer up sacrifice of praise. That is sprayed onto God, pray. He say unto God. We got to put that down, he said unto God, that is the offering from the fruit of our lips.
 The offering from the fruit of our lips. Giving, thanks unto God. Why? Because he has given me his blood, he is more than just a pre, she's more to just one that goes to the follow my behalf, he is the father. So he goes to himself on my behalf and he makes a decision about me according to him through his Bloods and because of he says let us continually offer up. Sacrifices, pray, that is unto God. That is
 Fruit of our lips, giving praise unto our God. So now just lower whether your Zoom, I see, yall ICU for your resume, whether you on Facebook live, whether you in the sanctuary. Well, you looking at at this moment, let us offer a sacrifice for the workplace is all. Well, I wouldn't say I live right now. I want to hear your mouth right now.
 Praise right now.
 Michael or go home. I see you all over me. Yes, yes.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Jesus for your blood Lord. Thank you for your sacrifice. Father, thank you God, for being my reason. Hello.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Happy birthday.
 Yes, Lord.
 oh,
 Maradona.
 Someone who is not saved. It's good time to get a bunch of blood at this moment. You're not going to church and join the body.
 You're the body going to come from the body and I tell people all the time, don't worry about getting the best church pew, this body.
 And as you become the best body, part of the body, God to make us the best church not talk about as a whole, not my name, that's my asshole.
 Yes, Lord, if you're not saved, safe says to him. If you're not sure of that, you're not sure of that. Repeat this prayer with me. Father God, in the name of Jesus, forgive me of all my sins. Lord God, I confess you at the build of my life.
 Lord God, I believe in my heart and I confess with my mouth, the Lord Jesus.
 That God raised him from the dead.
 See if I believe that, no, God, I'm saved. I will not be like to use. Father God in this book of Hebrews. Father, God, in the hold you into a box in the one place. At the one thing I know you as my savior and I thank you know what you're saying in Jesus name, I pray, amen, you're saying, it doesn't stop there all the times. That's what. Mrs. Was up. We get saved. And we going about, I'm here a little weight, but God wants you to connect with a bible-believing church, but he has grown in the
 You can roll that, you can decipher between gold and be who God has called me to be Church of God Bush Administration. But I hold you accountable, going to keep you in line. Him stay in shape so that you would be who God has called, for you to be. No time to play games. Now is no time to play games. No time to play games. You need to be connected to the body of believers.
 Yes, we don't hold them in the four walls but he wants you to give it to the church. He made the church that we can strengthen. One another fellowship with one another
 And if we go out and kill what we got in here. So if you don't belong to a church where they have your new life with love to happen, if you want to be a family, like this major International where love to have you. Thank you. Jesus, send me a message in Boston. I cannot see my Facebook page right now, so if you put it up in a check out right now, I'm probably will not see you but if you want to be a member, send me an inbox. Message takes my phone. If you have my phone number, leave it on the church page. Someone will see it. And we'd love to have you at New Life, a man in life.
 Hallelujah. Push your filled with the Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, not just staying in the shower, hose attributes. But holy spirit, helps you to live right hips, making big right decisions. Give you God to comfort, his Lord God. And in these times, we need the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah. It's the blood.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah, hallelujah. But y'all got nowhere to stay stay. Stay Facebook stays on Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The blood
 Just a blood. Hallelujah.
 Time. Now, for
 our tithes and offering status bit of work strategic where you are not come out of the spear stay right where you are.
 Holy spirit will keep on moving and keep on talking. Keep on doing what you do.
 We have these two men, right?
 are there ways you can give you get the gift if I give
 Through cash up with the church catchable, churches in Elsie Mi 2011.
 For those who on Facebook at church Facebook page is on the screen.
 Give to my wife and myself.
 Okay. I shot but making a dollar sign makers.
 Phil words.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are you are you in the sanctuary?
 Thinking Bobby has to Basco. You hold it up here, come to you.
 Yes. No God.
 Never loses power.
 Can you come out to see in the blue? Never loses? By the way, that's a good news.
 Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah, I want you to have something.
 I want to have a face off.
 And the right mother.
 But we think these are offering tires that we used nothing about Kingdom of the father, have these robbers in Jesus name. We pray. Thank you very many thank God. Amen. Amen internals my wife for our announcements or whatever. Well the Holy Spirit leads, see I put out there. Hallelujah! I just want to encourage you to govern yourselves accordingly with our announcements on Tuesday, Tuesday, is our youth Bible study, I'm Shifting the time just a little
 Guys. Now, we will have our our babies to our 11 years old. They will be at six. So meet me at 6:00 with them, they can't see me. Oh, from six, thank you, 6:00 to 6:30 for them. And then at 6:30 we start with our 12 to 18. It's 6:30 so and I thank you. So,
 Much. Thank you for having your kids, get on, and such a blessing and they participate. They are babies have so much that they know about God or want to know about him. And I'm so grateful to have the opportunity to spend that time with them. So, send them, y'all. I don't mind send them. I enjoy it. So just meet me there six for my babies to 11 and then 6:30 from for our 12 to 18, I'm then on Wednesday night.
 And our adult Bible study is 7:15. They'll Bible said we're currently only on Zoom but meet us on Zoom if you need the information make sure that we post it on our page on Instagram and Facebook so that you'll have ample time to prepare to be on there for those Ministry opportunities, just an opportunity to teach to learn, and to share. So meet us there. I think that's it first Sunday. Don't forget about first Sunday first, I'm sorry. First group Friday.
 Going up the first Friday in May and we have some other announcements that we're going to be this. That's brewing. And means I got shared Pastor before it was impossible for I now some with those are not supposed to be coming soon, just some things that we have her pair that's exciting and that reflects what God is doing and what he has done doing during the pandemic and how he's speaking to your leaders and leading us to be able to do what we're supposed to do inside and outside of these four walls. So just be ready to hear the exciting news for where God
 Leading those and what we're going to be doing. And so just just take the brakes off a man and just be ready to work a man. So just excited about that. But I think that it's it to someone, perhaps our to someone in prayer at 6 a.m. Tuesday morning, prayer, 6 a.m. on zoom on Facebook. On the prayer line, 6 a.m. on Tuesday Mornings that it said, love you guys.
 Let's rename the fireman I have not forgotten, my wife has been on me, on my worst days have been crazy. I've been crazy have been crazy with this. Thursday will be on I-75 but we have to, you know, having think there's do. Okay. Well I'll get back to you about to, you know, not book boundaries and so crazy because I think it was last week in summer school, something to my boundaries are son-in-law, brought back to my remembrance.
 That book is gonna be a great, great lesson. So I'll text you today or tomorrow to let you know for sure about what they want to be on.
 That and I will say this on the behalf of our Apostle and you guys can just pray for the freedom to be able to do these things. Not, we don't want to be free from any Financial Obligations because he takes care of his family. I'm talking about the freedom on the schedule that works so that he can. I thank God that I would teach them and if I could, but it ain't for me to do, but I got to women but, you know, just just offer that up in your prayers, I'm a mere preach to lesson about, you know, having some Grace on your leaders, he's
 Leader. And I often time laughs with Minister Tanya that because I have to be the wife and the mother argue with him. But then there are times where I know I have to be the member which is difficult to be happy. I'm being bye-bye, do I hold on down the special nothing, and then Sydney most times. But listen, I'm asking that as a member for us to pray for that, for our leader, we are thankful for his job.
 I'm not asking you because folk get, they think you're begging for something. If you start asking them that way, we're just asking for the freedom and his schedule to be able to teach the class that he wants to teach and do all those things that he always plans to do and he can't sometimes do them and so I think that that's what we become active and what we do is we pray that he gets the opportunity to do these things. They man they may pray. The right way though, what we say is every we don't pray for the motion destruction or
 Things like that will break for prosperity and promotes you're so pretty the right way, we have an associate in the situation that is what we asked for a man. Thank you so much. Thanks so much. So what's that about in the classroom tell you I miss teaching about as and I'm not kidding. I'm missing out in about being me for a while. No, that was my wife and that's our, that's our patient, like teaching. I was a more improved all excited me, but I really, really enjoy teachers. We operate was on that also and
 And I just want to reiterate with my wife, say about brother body. I didn't want to tell him what we really appreciate. You until we love you. Come on. Like about a hand. Y'all you at home?
 Robert tells me keep me know you know like the aperture day. I got straight by blah blah blah. He stays in it could be more than that. I want to put everything out there but we do have we got some for you. Hey man, because I'm your church and everything we would have really really, really appreciate you. We love you all so very much. I think that's everything. I love you more gentle mother of all I love y'all Merlin I said y'all on romantic love y'all. Amen. Bobby hold on one second.
 Miss everybody.
 Ned weeks that will be preaching for us.
 I see. Ah, there it is. Home gave it to him. It says please pass these brochures out to those who may be interested in applying for a home via the Greene County Habitat for Humanity. So my church, the link to help some of y'all showing them things. We do have a brochures. So
 If you're interested, let us know when we'll get these brochures to you, so you can put them out a man. They make a movie about breaking a man.
 So much. We love our Soviet but this pray to be dismissed Lord, we thank you for everything I ever heard of Lego Movie experience, special day. As we leave this place on the, leave your present that your spirit to be with us leading Galaxy by the handling, intermittent band of Indians trying to hurt another stroke in his day continually, sure particular angels, all around us, Lord, God, we thank you for this pastry called new life experience, magical thing to grow, spiritually, financially, and physically lower God. In the, My Name of Jesus, we pray thinking out that it's worse than our heart.
 So that we send out against the program. Thank you for your blood. This is the monument to be burning. Thank you now. Hey man. Thank God. We will be back in the sanctuary next Sunday. We will let him search for those who like the Germans will be back next Sunday. May
