We're going right into worship.
 It's live. Rip. Thank you.
 Good morning. Good morning, good morning. Good morning.
 Morning. Good morning.
 Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah.
 What's going on? Hallelujah.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Yes, Lord God.
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. Those loans on. God bless you. Those on Facebook. God bless you. And thank you all for joining us. On today's blessed, be the name of the little corner of the universe.
 We're going to get right into the word of God. Is one of my is positive. We're even hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Who can write to the word of God? This morning. They're not hold you long. Good to see y'all here this morning a man.
 Coming from Jude chapter number. 1 Jude chapter one for me and your verse Jus chapter number one Jew, chapter number 1,
 it is the book before the last book of the Bible right before Revelations. Hallelujah, right before. Revelations party. Louis?
 They're small but you chatting on. When you blink you'll miss it. Jude chapter number 1 verse 24, 25 June, Chef. The number one 24:35 are familiar verse from this scripture to read. Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding Joy to the only wise God, our Saviour be glory and Majesty dominion and power both now and forever. Amen. Not one to him was a
 To keep them from falling and to present you faultless before it spreads of Glory with exceeding Joy to the only wise, God, our Saviour be glory and managed to dominion and power both now and forever. Amen. Hallelujah, I'm going to talk real swiftly from this topic. God's grace will not fail. You God's grace will not feel God's. Grace will not pay. Those became repeat. That was it. God's grace.
 I will not fail. You Hallelujah. I was like is a thousand folks. Hey, man, God's grace is almost reaching down, God's praise, Hallelujah. It reminds me of the scripture where it says, hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 God grace, will not fail you today. Thanks to God. We're in the book of Jude. Jude is the next to the last book of the Bible in this book, has only one chapter all the time because this book is so small. It is often times with over his past by is, or times that not Skillet. Some of Faith because this book is so small. It is insignificant that do not add any value because people often time measure, significance and value.
 And what size and popularity, if the truth be told about it. There are some of you who are down in the dumps right now because you're trying to measure your significance or your value with the number of things you have, have done or what, how many people know your name. The first thing I want to drop your spirit, this morning is don't you dare measure your value or your significance on the number of things you have done and the number of people who know your name is Laura God.
 They're getting business owners are pastors, Hunter, renewed Visionaries, don't you measure your dad, you on the amount, they need your help, and how many people know your name? Never say it again. Business owners pastors entrepreneurs and Visionaries, don't you measure your value on the amount of things you have? And how many people know your name? Your significance and your value is not predicated with things and people don't
 Ankle back and is tied up and being connected to God, the book of Jude so state is insignificant or don't have any value because inside core because a lot of people don't know choose name but that's the furthest thing from the truth. Yes, you don't hear much about you and because of that song with questions, his relatives, his relatives but just because you don't hear much about Norma the
 Black me that he is that relevant just because post don't hear a whole lot about you does not need you and I ruined it. What Julie? Now just because his book is not low just because his book is only one chapter does not negate. The fact that busy who has power. Let me say it again y'all just because his book is not longer because they put this only one, check them does not negate.
 go back that this book has
 Just because you don't have a long story, does not mean, your story does not have an account with what's this. Now, this book is not just significant, if it has value with this book is also needed are about to say, is needed, is so the book of Jude is significant, which is the same. It is important to be worthy of attention, it has value, meaning of is worth something, and
 It is worth something that is useful. And this book is needed every word. Although there are not many him that is flow from the pages of the book of Judith is significant. It has value of and it is needed. Can I call real quick like and talk to a group of people who are under the sound of my voice right now and tell you I don't care how small you look to others. I don't care how you look and look.
 Looks like you have look, I don't care, who don't know your name? Yes, or God. You are significant value of and you are needed and you are needed.
 I have significant value and I have to, you know,
 it is not your people.
 He has value, although he did not even though he was not one of them. Let's look at Jude. Who is this man named Jude Jude name watch? This really means Judas, his name was really Judas, but to avoid connection with Judas. I calibrate the infamous man who betrayed Jesus, most English,
 Translators have used the names you. They're about to say junior.
 Jude was the brother of Jesus himself. Judah was his brother Chu, like the other hand Brothers of Jesus? Including James, didn't believe in Jesus as the Messiah, until after the resurrection of Jesus Christ, watch this. Y'all after the resurrection of Jesus, Christ, something happened on the inside of you.
 After his resurrection, something happens on the inside T of you, Jesus as his brother died and now he'll be a savior came to life. Oh Lord God. He begin to see Christ as God and because he is God, he realized that his grace could not fail.
 There is somebody who needs to hear this today and that is God's grace.
 Those who called themselves Christians read instead of dollar, just one chapter reading yall, 25 verses, he is concerned with the direction of those who call themselves Christian, he's concerned him when the church. He's concerned with the church he's concerned. He was concerned for what he was seeing going on inside.
 The church. It was dipping that were not contending for fighting for the faith. They were not contending are fighting for the faith. Sometimes was calling them on the fight for the truth of the faith, of painful, causing them to have itching ears and listen to any any ever have to lose their faith.
 What I found it, necessary to write to you exhorting. You exhorting, you pushing you to contain earnestly for the faith.
 With what for all of them. Do it juicy juicy.
 That was about, I come in and salvation, but I found it necessary and what was going on?
 The same message in our ears right now. God wants us to understand, he wants us to continue. He wants us to fight off. He wants us to guard. He wants to protect
 That I think is valuable what?
 Jessie come with me once. But has happened was this body. This will happen cat. This is what happened on Tanya. So Men read it, y'all read it certain men crept in unnoticed God who long ago, watch watch.
 North Georgia Tech says, who longer work Mark out, for this condemnation, ungodly, man, who turned the grace of our God into lewdness. And the not the only Lord God, our Lord Jesus Christ. I got a job. Oh, Lord, God. Watch this sir men who had crept in church. Motorola unnoticed.
 Airport, that is what made them dangerous. They were gonna notice. So that means they look like them, but they talk like them. They that they dance like them. They, they dress like them. They came to church like them. Yes, Lord God. But they would not own building.
 They they were on, notice the prophets couldn't see him, the preacher could not see him that the, the intercessors mrs. They were unnoticed. They sniffing and they started Takin the Faith, Lord Godly. If I take the faith to take, what the grace of God? Really was what the race of God. Really is a beginning to give their own definition of what they thought the grace of God was like oh God watch this now.
 This Revelation blew my mind. The Bible says these men watch this Kathy were long ago, marked out for this condemnation. Look look what it says. It says, right there, I think about between three and five verses 3 and 5. It says, there were long ago marked out for this condemnation. These some men had a Destiny, the same way God gives us a definite, the devil had them if they do.
 Destiny. They are marked invented for this condemnation. It was the devil plan from the beginning. The find somebody to be used to call her.
 something to keep you from operating, Tommy and the faith, this all gone
 devil, be the hand you and I, yes, they called something. And somebody to keep you from operating women, I totally Interfaith doing what the Lord has called for you to be who God has called, but you'll be okay.
 He want to kick you from other Ravens.
 It is trying to keep you watch. Now. He has no, got this. Hit this Hartman. Don't want to hit me. Hit me. Hit me, hit me. It is trying to keep you.
 From selling for the truth of the faith.
 Not just telling in the face then it but it won't. God wants us standing up for the truth. Now, in this time 2020, he wants us to stand in 2001 to standing for the truth of the faith. In y'all said, if you will say the truth, little faith truth about his recent, the truth other faiths. Yeah he wants us standing for the truth of the faith.
 But when you continued for the faith watch now, go to build. I want yourself to the truth of the faith, but when you continue to other things, when you fight for the faith, when you sang true for the way, no devil
 that has been destined for your life. They stopped you because God's grace Brothers. Damn is fighting will not fail. You I go to sleep.
 We're trying to water down the grace of God. They were true God. They spent asleep in the church there. Nick. And that it came in looking like us and make it real good. And they are now trying to water down
 The Gospel of Jesus Christ and water-bound. His grace, telling you, they trying to what about his grace Kyoko. As a matter of fact, the Bible says, watch to say the Bible said not not work but what God Said the Bible says they turned the grace of God into lewdness and denying the only Lord God that they were slipping in and they because they look like them. Not a folks are listening to
 them.
 And now false I've are allowing their luminous to the now. The Lord God nobody is standing up for the way that it nobody God's grace.
 There was saying there were saying you can live. It's just make it talk about this. At the end of Sunday school today about the grace of God, what it really is. They were saying you can live how you want to live, do what you want to do act, how you want to act of grace of God. There will be no goodness.
 I know what about right there. The grace of God. Don't give to a free like the same, but the grace of God gives you the power and the ability to see it was saying a word.
 People.
 You were saying y'all put those folks. Oh God in the place where good God Almighty he was saying Cathy, it's time us even right now suppose the folks in their place. Yeah it's time us thanks to God that when folks in that package that know not God ain't in there, he's got it.
 Can I take a sex is still the same?
 God wants us Bobby to continue for the faith.
 There are folks whose Destiny is to cause the vision but it's our child. I'll get ready to go cash, but as our job to stand up Crystal for the faith.
 It's our job to stand up for the faith. Is our job. Can y'all stay with me to stand up for the faith? Can I tell you that? As we stand up for God? And as we settle for the faith?
 To me and did not understanding the power of the grace of God. I'm gone. Now be real a million understand the power of the grace of God because they don't understand the power of the grace of God. They would understand that the power of the grace of God, that did not understand body as I get out of here, y'all, but God is Grace.
 That is Grace, will not fail you. Yes, sir. Oh God. Is there, anybody here? That knows what I'm talking about. That God is great and its place will not fail. You, just when I thought things say the word became flesh, and made his dwelling among us, we have seen his glory, the glory of the one, and only son of God, the full of grace and truth. He season 1 of 7 Series in him.
 Prediction is closed, but forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of God's grace. Hebrews 4:16 says that us being approached, his throne of grace with confidence so that we may receive his grace and mercy. Yes, Lord I'm need more. Grace is saying God, opposes the proud
 But gives grace to the humble.
 Work.
 Breach.
 In here.
 My son is right.
 Yes.
 I don't know.
 Verse 25, verse 25 person. And finding that says this right here to the only wise, God, I saved you.
 Be glory.
 And Majesty.
 Dominion and power. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. When I say you were saying stuff that only makes sense but I'ma tell you about our God. He said the only wise God hmm. I'll save you.
 Be glory and Majesty Dominion. That may he rule everything a power.
 Both now.
 Nothing. Is this gray spotted? Don't eat this for now.
 And forever. He has 2 million now and forever. He has power now.
 Madison now.
 From birth to be unto God lift your hands right now.
 And you operate in a gray's right now.
 You are praying a braised right now. You want to bring the race right now. Understanding that is not your grace. That is Grace. Will not tell us that we will not be like this search for had Engineers to hear all this good stuff. We want to stand and continue in the faith.
 That's right.
 It will not fail.
 Oh, I see.
 To be who God has called us to be watch this. Now, these things were speaking. These these ungodly about a continent ungodly men. They were speaking because they want to make their names rates. They want to build ourselves up and the whole thing we're going to deal with me about that. He said, the reason why a lot of folks are falling from the faith. It's because they're falling from the faith, because their eyes
 The faith growing is their name you me. But God says, make his name be
 And as we make his name being here, make sure maybe watch this out. You wrote this book thousand years ago.
 What chapter are still speak to us right now because you said, I don't think it on my name being be. I'm gonna make God, maybe she's with the cycle the cycle.
 And African make you think big His grace was penned by believe you guys. Give us the strength to do what he calls us to do. Because me it's race will not fail because watch this. Thank you, Holy Ghost, those predisposed to this. Be hard to talk to my wife. Y'all don't know. He's gonna do what he says. Next race is, even bigger than giving you strength, not the same.
 But my grace gives you Victory and power to be healed. And when I was thinking of just now who's been telling us about, saw your dick enrolling in my sphere of today. I told you, I saw you guys, I see you and the Holy Spirit say his grace
 Come out, failure.
 I can give you the gospel doctor.
 But ultimately his grace. That's what we were healing for you. You you what I'm saying that? It's ultimately, it's continue for the lady. Don't listen to her.
 Insufficient for me.
 In other words, he was a my crisis and no.
 By his grace is enough is enough.
 His grace is to know his grace is no more. You please get some know it's enough. May his grace is enough to my saves precious, another can yoga, his grace is enough contend for the faith.
 Grace will bring want to be on the ground.
 His grace is enough for you.
 The most haunted forest, that whatever it is, he wants to come and get you.
 He is doing for you when you can't answer.
 Despite the Hillier is bright. The hill is Grace.
 His grace will not sell it. Can I say about it? Cannot fail. That's the one thing that can I sell them? It cannot help others. Even cannot build. That's the key area.
 Let him be Grace his grace and he became my trunk.
 Engaging the shrimp.
 It's enough. It cannot fail. It cannot fail. Lift your hands and say it cannot fail. It Cal contend for the faith.
 The facing is the woman's company. I can put the spirit hole in the hose down against them.
 Therefore, I will not be here when I'm surrounded by 10,000 men. No weapon that is formed against me. Shall be able to prosper. The May saying I'm all in a comprar through Jesus Christ.
 The Vices by his friend's son and heels.
 The fighting face because I'm holding the by says, I don't know.
 How to bolt together?
 Unless they every single somebody who's there?
 Why? You're lonely, his grace is when you get some need, his grace is enough for you.
 His grace cannot wield. My shall not fail.
 Right now, right now, I see you're quite right now, right now.
 Now I'm fighting for I'm sticking with the faith huh? I'm standing about a fake. I'm believing her face. I'm going to leave it in the face. I'm hoping there's some folks who are so big right now you realize. Hey I'm convicted back to the days. I get myself back in place and buy some dude in the face.
 I will not go away called. No more about. What are you calling me to do? I owe you a beer.
 And when it's safe doing his, his grace gives me the power. Whose glasses on the rise of people say says God.
 I know you are.
 Who is this?
 What is the price?
 Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
 Faith by faith in Jesus name. Amen. Thank God.
 Will Matt film it won't it won't it won't it will not feel you.
 While we were yet in the spirit of were squirming you here. Whoo. Gotcha.
 I just feel God in there.
 While we were yet in worship, I know Bobby.
 Well, were you getting, can you worship?
 Ponyo, are we getting worse?
 Passed it while we getting worse.
 Give unto the Lord.
 I got tires, not for naught because the gas soon because we get to, we give not because we are afraid about it because we love them. We love them so much for thinking what he has done for us.
 Get your CDs in your hand.
 The waves on the screen right now. If you want to do like page, you see it?
 You're giving him the find out. Cam surface July 1st National, Greensboro Georgia. 1095 on roads.
 Cash up our churches. No aside and LCL 9, 2011, entails him out. 2011
 if you want to sue asleep directly in my wife and myself life is so it you cash out the makings dollar sign the papers
 I feel a breakthrough in the ass.
 If this breaks of sun and break it going there.
 His grace will not fail.
 Call it new. God bless you.
 God bless you, God bless you.
 God bless you, mother.
 How that one-night Revival.
 That doesn't virtual do is go get us with your bobbin in it. When they meet you there. We can. We use this. It's time for Reliable.
 Hallelujah.
 It's praise for doing to strengthen the soldiers who need for our fire.
 What was that, bro?
 Seven days.
 New newness.
 There's still something that seems to just want to see you.
 Well.
 Don't you do it that the great food?
 You trying to convince, you can't convince the price work.
 Trying to tell me, tell me about it.
 but your grace, but the grace
 But the grace came, but the greatest.
 When are you the one we go, booty. Come.
 Only by his grace.
 My wife taught about that, they managed to do it now, please.
 Tell about that thing, about the grace. You talk about that Grace. How to do you?
 Change my whole face.
 Race. Yes. Lord. Yes. Lord.
 His place. Thank you, Lord.
 Thank you, Lord, let us pray those break, the spring going back to the regional times, our food and clothes. So there's nothing for whatever, use of their lives and homes. It resists, you restore, God, I breathe
 The whooping headaches are gone. I know it's great that we're seeing growing used for healing. The man. Father God, yes. Lord God for building up. Your kingdom is my name of Jesus praying. Thank you now, every child of God. Amen. Amen, amen.
 and this time I'm going to turn over little, you would put on some make a spring that her killer and now, since that's the name of the Lord,
 A bad. Good morning morning everyone. Good morning. Don't forget about Tuesday, morning, prayer at 6 a.m. Tuesday, morning, prayer, 6 a.m. on Facebook on zoom, and on the prayer line, that's Tuesday morning at 6 a.m. prayer. Then on Tuesdays at beginning at 6:00 I will have argued Bible study at six is a
 Babies to h-11 then at 6:30, we start with our 12 year old to 18 year. Olds on Wednesday at 7:15, is our adult bible study on Zoom only? So, please, don't forget about that. And then on kind of messed up on my dates. Give me one second on. I first Friday, service, this month, it's going to be a service where we highlight.
 And that is going to be on, let's not just Friday its next Friday the 7th but we're going to highlight anybody. That is a business owner Apostle Mary did this in January and I said I was going to do it just as a time of room we want to. I want to remind people of all of our business owners. So if you're listening and you want to highlight your business, please send it to me. I would like to give you a moment to highlight it, that's going to be on First Fridays.
 Highlight all of our business owners and entrepreneurs. If you offer a service to the community in any capacity, please let me know. I would like to highlight that. I'm going to have a flyer made to post. If you own a boutique, if you do hair, if you whatever it is that you offer, I would like to highlight it. Also be thinking if God is leading you to offer like any of that service as a raffle, if you could, let me know if it's address, if it's a T-shirt, If you are do Financial.
 Consultation, if you do Health consultation, anything that you do that, you would like to offer like a free consultation is 30 minutes or whatever. I would like to have an opportunity to highlight your business and encourage people to support you. Sometimes. People are looking for different Services. They just don't know that it's different, right? Amongst them. So I would like to do that on First Friday. So that's going to be on. May the 7th, please get your information to me. You can find me on Instagram, I'm DL making. I think. Mrs. Deal-making on.
 Instagram, that same name on Twitter or you can just send me a message. Most of you that know me know, me personally, you can send me a message to my phone and see me a text message, or just DM me on social media. Possible, making is on Facebook. I'm not. But if you need to get a message to me, you can definitely send them a message on Facebook and he'll get that to me, or any of our members that, you know, you want to be highlighted, just let me know. I'd like to highlight your business and I'll definitely want to put that on the flyer.
 And give you an opportunity to let us know what you offer and be prepared to support in those areas, on May the 7th. I think that is, I know today. Want to just announce today that there is a service going on through Antioch I think or Apostle roach where they have a service for commissioning license. And ordination the Apostle Rose, just our home church or possibly an apostle. Marry some of their ministers are on there if you wanted to
 I mean I have to send a playwright because I don't know who Zoom is on a man. But there it's the services is probably starting now, I'm not sure. I don't know the time we're all from them but I think it starts now but I'll yeah, it starts at 11. So we're a little late but you can tune into that if you want to, but I think that it's it for announcement. So please give me yourself accordingly. Thank you. Love you guys going. Peace.
 My kids always pray for our children and those, we have huge opportunity to zoom for the Bible says, I'm telling you I'll get they would be blessed with kids, loving it. Hey man, they're learning and they're growing, amen. We love you all. So very much, we'll be back here and excited in this.
 We're also my favorite lab. We love you all. So very much as pray. Amen. Lord. We thank you. Glad to see that you've heard of a man who just finished face today. As we lead is placed on that leaving your presence. Because if you say father, God is worth burning our heartfelt, God that dog on your grace will not feel as though. God, we thank you for you. We thank you for the book Jewel or 24 were 25 verses of God. We thank you for Glory in Jesus name, we pray. Amen. And thank God, y'all be blessed.
