Good morning. This is the day that the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. The Lord be with you. We're glad you're here for worship on this the fourth Sunday at the Easter season, is good to have you all here for this service today. I did want to make one kind of big announcement to just. Make sure we're all clear about it. Today is the last day that we're actually Gathering monies for the Lake. Oconee scholarship with the
 Youth Alliance. And so as we don't know, we kind of shifted in the youth Alliance, they have their own board of directors. Now and so we have a header organizational shift with it and we are seeking to have a scholarship at lf-cc scholarship at the youth Alliance is so today is less data, we're collecting monies course, I'm sure if Monday or Tuesday Linda, we can still, if my dear Tuesday, the check gets here, that is fine. But if you're on the internet watching us and haven't made the contribution, we do.
 She ate you coming making a contribution here if for some reason you went ahead and send it directly to the youth Alliance. That's fine. I mean that's a okay but if you wanted it credit to the lf-cc, you need to make contact with the youth Alliance and let them know that you wanted it to be a part of this scholarship. So help us out, you know, just appreciate your generosity and that area because it goes 12 good gun people. If you've not had a chance to meet some of the young people that are going through this
 Scholarship program. There really are outstanding so so really gives you hope for the future when you need kids like that. So that you could be a part of that. We do want to continue to be prayer. Covid-19 conversation before worship the spikes that are occurring in India and Japan or or disconcerting. I realize it's not the United States. And thank God, you know the vaccines as tough, a big going through our country to where it looks like, at least it's tempering a spike, its kind of keeping a spike down
 Looks like, and so, very blessed that we've had that opportunity. Other places have not been as fortunate, Indian Japan or two of those devices at the moment. And so we want to definitely be in prayer for those stomachs and being prayer for those who are suffering from covid in this country, seems like more and more. Young people are the ones that are now in the hospital. So it has shifted from being an older adult disease to now young adult that are they're ending up in the hospital.
 And then the long-term consequences were still not aware of, and still don't know what the long-term pieces would be so strong / concerns for that. And so let's continue to pray. And that way, it's good to have you here at worship today.
 Scripture takes today comes from The Gospel. According to John, the 10th chapter verses 11 to 18. He'll be reading from the common English. Bible lessons are read from the word of God. I am the Good Shepherd, the Good Shepherd, lays it down, lays down his life for the Sheep. When The Hired Hand sees the wolf coming, he leaves the sheep and runs away, that's because he isn't the shepherd, the Sheep aren't really.
 Is so the wolf attacks, the sheep and scatters them. He's only a Hired Hand and the Sheep. Don't matter to him. I'm Good Shepherd. I know my own sheep and they know me just as the father knows me and I know the father give up my life for the Sheep. I have other sheep that don't belong to this sheep pen. I'm asleep them. Also they will listen to my voice and there will be one flock with one Shepherd.
 This is why the father loves me, I give up my life so that I can take it up again. No one takes it from me, but I give it up because I want to, I have the right to give it up and I have the right to take it up again. I received this commandment for my father, this is word of God for the people of God, and we said, thanks. Be to God as we know our time of prayer meditation. I invite each of us to take a moment of silence, giving us a chance to reflect on our lives to see
 The concerns of our hearts are too late, those before God. And the dear God, still small voice speaking directly to each and every one of us, then I'll leave us in the community prayer and then we'll close with the Lord's Prayer. So, let us bow.
 We've got the once again of God in this place to come and to worship you today, Lord. As we look at this 10th chapter of John here in the lectionary readings, for today, we're reminded that we are part of sheep herd and being part of the sheep. Herd, we have a Shepherd who's watching after us. And so, oftentimes the image of the Shepherd in the scriptures, remind us that were being taken care of. So, no matter what,
 Happening in this world and things that make us very anxious and raise our anxiety levels, whatever may be going on personally in our own lives, or as a society, whether in this country or in the world, the concerns that we see all around us. Lord, he can, it can make us truly anxious. And we need to be reminded that we really do. Have a Shepherd, we have a good shepherd, shepherd, who's willing to lay down his life for us,
 So Lord reminds us today, if we come into this service today, worried about all kinds of things, remind us about the shepherd who loves us and takes care of us.
 Wherever we may be leaving, if we pretend to go astray in to stray from the Sheep herd, we do have that shit for the comes and finds us. We're told that the shepherd will leave the 99 and come find the one, the one who is going out roaming and his lost their way, it's so remind us Lord. That if we're feeling like, we don't know. The way, we don't know what the future holds. We don't know what directions we need to take. We aren't sure which choices when you to choose. Lord need for feeling, just the the way.
 Eat of all of that.
 Reminds us that there is one that is looking after us.
 And thank God. We are don't have to rely just on ourselves.
 So help us to be good sheep in the midst of the shepherding experience, may we listen for the shepherd's Voice. May we follow the shepherd's voice.
 May we allow the shepherd to lead us into the past and the directions that we need to go. So there were living this life in all its fullness and living it as you had attended us to do. We pray all of this, in the name of Jesus. The one who taught us to pray, Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses.
 As we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but Deliver Us from Evil for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever and ever. One of the marks of the 21st century so far at least in these first 20 years has been an increase in anxiety among people of all walks of life.
 Just take a look at what there is to be anxious about it. The moment think about all we go through, we've, we've had changed economic situations around the world and even here in America but the good and the bad in people suffering. In varieties of way, we have watched pressure. Be placed on industry and prices. We're now beginning to see prices of everyday essential items. Beginning to rise. All of a sudden anxiety, over. Inflation has begun. Once again, we watch him.
 Pray, you know, it's the market sometimes bounces back and forth and we're not sure how it all goes, but we're anxious that before everything. Settles we tend to be anxious. And for some of this is we folks and folks have dealt with insecurity of jobs. Those whom retirement don't have to worry about that anymore. But there are a lot of people who are feeling anxious because the insecurities of their jobs, they're waiting and anticipating the announcement of
 You know, employment terminated or they continuing to be laid off or they can be rehired, is to being cut back, will the company be liquidated? We're seeing that a lawn in the Athens area job security security important in the, in Past Times it was taken for granted. Oh I would have this job for the next 30 years or so but the possibility of no job and of retraining for another job but it's a cause of anxiety and awful lot of people these days.
 We're going to have to be retrained for other jobs and that's a source of anxiety. Oh, and the changes in moral values. The fact that there's not a consistent guide these days in the way, people should behave toward other people. It races the anxiety. People do their own thing without any consideration of the consequences of the well-being of others.
 And what's the result? Well, the result is security systems and our own sand lines of vehicles picking up, children after school and the reluctance to travel on public transport at nighttime and children, no longer playing without Supervision in the park. Most of us grew up without that supervision didn't wait. And yet, we dare let children these days. Be without Supervision in the park lockdowns, practice of lockdowns, in school,
 Can you imagine none of us had to go through that? But children today have to go through the lockdown just in preparation for the day when their lives are in danger.
 Anxiety. You bet that younger generation has tremendous levels of anxiety. And you wonder why?
 The change in the level of security and safety on the world scene. Braces are anxiety levels as well. Just the increase awareness of terrorism, whether its domestic terrorism or terrorism from abroad. We, you know, here in America, we've been isolated for so long from that kind of thing happening. When would see it in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, and Africa, and elsewhere. But all of a sudden it's here and it's a possibility here, whatever happened they are penetrated into our
 Society for those who would seek to do harm and to do death. So, being in fear of being at the wrong place at the wrong time and being the victim of an act of terrorism has been a source of anxiety, the fear of shootings in schools, you know, that happen, elsewhere. And then, one day could be repeated here. Her that possibility that your behavior, that that would happen all increased anxiety.
 Ayat about our safety and about the safety of our children and our grandchildren.
 And then with the increase in World Travel, we have seen how quickly disease can spread throughout the world covid-19. Of course, it's been this past year in times past bird, flu swine, flu Ebola, others and increases, the awareness of our vulnerability.
 And it increases our anxiety.
 The changes are environment. Oh, I saw a video just this past week, the global warming, it causes folks, to be anxious, especially our children to be anxious. They know, we know about the destruction of those on layer, planetary warming, pollution of water. And are they hear about the possibility of sooner or later that our planet could be hit by a large Ash meteor? Like the one who wiped out the dinosaurs in years past or the possibility that our planet income. So warm
 and that life on Earth as we know, it will become so so different
 And then what about the changes in relationships?
 It will bring anxiety in our lives. The fallen out with a family member or a friend, parents, you separate and divorce aggressiveness of people in the workplace and on the roads, and then the keys, all raised, our anxiety, and all this anxiety. And stress, is causing Havoc, Havoc with our confidence.
 Havoc with our health and Havoc with our happiness.
 So let's get real. There seems to be little, we can do about some of the threats that confront Us in these times. We can't, of course, try to minimize the rest. We don't walk alone at night.
 We don't resigned from work without having another job lined up. We do pick up our children and grandchildren after school. We put locks on the windows and the doors, we make sure that the ironed is turned off before leaving the house,
 We're trying to do our bitch, reduce our impact on the environment. These things are rather like a little child, trying to stop water coming out of the tab by putting their hand, to cover it. With no matter how hard the child tries, the pressure is too great and inevitably the inevitable happens.
 There was one Church notice facing the passing crowd with this kind of advice cheer up. It may never happen because good sign and that's true to a degree. That kind of cheery. Bit of advice, doesn't really help when it's your child who has the symptoms, like covid-19, or your grandchild is caught between feuding parents.
 If you try to make the dollar stretch, just a little bit further, it's not that funny. Surely, as followers of Christ, we would have more to say than just cheer up.
 And hopefully I do today.
 You see a lot of anxiety is tied up with looking ahead and stressing over things, that might happen. And there are times when anxiety grips, our hearts and it deals with fear, and the future, the future seemed so uncertain the future. It seems so, so threatening
 For the Christian, there is an important ingredient involved with looking into an uncertain future.
 And it's called, ho.
 Now, sometimes we think of hope it's just wishful thinking I say, nah, I hope I'll have hope that I'll come into lot of money so that I can retire. That's a certain level of Hope. But but how from the Christian point of view, Hope from what we articulate from the Bible. It knows that even when bad things happen,
 God will be there with us and with God's help. We'll be able to cope cope with whatever it is. That is causing us. You and me causing us to be anxious.
 Jesus said in Our Gospel reading today, I am the Good Shepherd. Remember those words today? I am the Good Shepherd, these words point to the god of the Old Testament. That makes himself known to Moses as I am who I am.
 Jesus refers to himself as the Shepherd in the same way that David refers to God is his Shepherd in the 23rd song, where he States, what the Lord is my shepherd. How many of us have put it to memory? The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. And the real part there even though I walk through the darkest of valleys and oftentimes it's rated funerals is the valley did the shadow of death but it's really the Valley of the Shadow, the darkest Valley.
 That he will be our God he will protect us that's the thrust of the 23rd. Psalm in our hope our hope rests in the almighty and all-powerful God who took the tragedy of the Cross and turned it into a victory.
 He overcame sin and death. He rose from the dead and today is a living. Lord, who is our divine? Good Shepherd?
 Help says that you and I have nothing to be afraid of. Absolutely nothing to be afraid of. Nothing can cut us off from the Everlasting, Love of our savior.
 In the arms of Good Shepherd. You and I we are safe and secure, we can relax.
 We can relax because whatever happens, even if death itself should come, there is nothing. Nothing to be afraid of because the Good Shepherd wants only good for us and we'll take us. You. And me will take us with him to the joy of everlasting life.
 The Bible's picture of a Shepherd. It's nothing like the Sheep Farmers have today kind of how we do, you know, today vast flocks of sheep or across various paddocks and usually well, away from the care of their owners. Oh, they might see the farmer entering in The Paddock Wednesday and certain times of the year, they come with father and that in the seasons when there's plenty of grass,
 In today's, you know, the Shepherd that the Sheep were just left to fend for themselves. Go out there and eat as much as you want. The grass is full of star there and do it. Oh, they come into the contact with the farmer when it's time for dipping or cartoon or shearing and they're treated with about as much individually individuality the truth about as much individuality is it can of baked beans and the supermarket
 The old world Shepherds. I was different stories, they lived with and for their see.
 The Palestinian Shepherd who wandered, the hills in search of fresh, pasture for his sheep. Only had a very small flock of sheep and new, each sheep individually.
 And in some places around the world. Shepherd, still watch over there. She leaving them to Grass and whatever. They know the sheep and the Sheep know their master and they happily follow along behind them.
 The shepherd god of the Bible is not some distant, figure uninvolved in our daily lives. Sharing both the good and the bad weather with us.
 One of the most meaningful pictures in Christian art, it shows Jesus the Good Shepherd leaning over Clift with his arms. His arms, reaching down to clutch, and rescue a lamb, which is called in a thorn-bush. The artist. The artist wants to get across the idea that Jesus is the one who cares? The one, who saves the Lost who rescues from trouble.
 He is the only one who is intimately and individually concerned with each one of us.
 He knows each of us by name and knows exactly what his filling us with anxiety at this very moment.
 The image of the rescuing Shepherd leads us to think of what would have happened to that land at the shepherd, hadn't cared enough to rescue it or, or if the shape was wild and stubborn and refused to be helped,
 Because of his love for his sheep, that the shepherd goes to any lengths to make sure that the Sheep are say.
 Even those times when you, and I feel that life is out of control, think things are happening. That makes this ancient anxious and Afraid of the future. Jesus, the Good Shepherd,
 suffers with us and suffers for us.
 And even when our worst fears become reality, his presence assures us, that nothing nothing will happen to us. That is outside of his control.
 There's always, there's always a purpose and he will help us through it, and bring Victory out of two seeds. Oh, that's why people like Corrie Ten, Boom, Maximilian Kolbe, Dietrich Bonhoeffer, individuals, who suffer terribly in the hands of the Nazis were defeated and humiliated even killed.
 And yet, they were able to rise above the display. Are they rise above the hopelessness, and in the end?
 They were victorious.
 They didn't dwell on the negatives. They didn't dwell on the hopelessness of their situations know instead they lived in hope if you and I decide to dwell on all the negatives to keep our mind in our soul simmering, with all the gloominess possibilities, beware that are small, anxieties will grow into big anxieties and they will affect our health.
 They will affect our well-being, they will affect our relationships, and our confidence.
 On the other hand if you and I if we choose if we choose to dwell and hope focus on the Promises of God in the scriptures, we rely on God's love for us and Trust, to get Shepherd, who reaches out to us, to hold us and rescue us, and comfort us, instead of shattering and cringing with anxiety over how things will turn out, always thinking of the Grimace possibilities.
 Picture Jesus right here with us. In the middle of what is causing us so much anxiety.
 That is what the 23rd psalm does. The Lord is my shepherd, David says and I have no reason no reason to be afraid. His rod and his staff they comfort me they protect me his goodness and his mercy and his love will always be with me till the day. I leave this life and enter into eternity.
 We can be even more certain of this than the songwriter was, because we know we, as Christians know of the love and the grace of our Savior, Jesus Christ, you can stake your life on the faithfulness of our loving Shepherd.
 Nothing in the future is stronger than his love for us, no matter, no matter that at the first may seem overwhelming, no Calamity. That engulfs us no grief, which is in his first Dreadful impact. Make us wonder if we will ever ever smile again for indeed.
 The Lord is my shepherd. I have everything I need.
 And in that we say, thanks be to God.
 Beautiful follow-up message in this him, which probably a lot of you have heard. It's a beautiful Hymn for reflection and meditation and the word say take my life and let it be consecrated Lord to thee.
 He's saying there's an opportunity of witness for a world that's quite anxious and all that life is giving. This is an opportunity for us as Christians individually and collectively to shine confidence that those Christian faith gives us. And so together, we share their confidences will go out living in this world this week and we say the Prayer of Saint Francis which truly encourages to make a difference in this world. So let's say this together is, will leave this place. Lord make me an instrument of your peace.
 Where there is hatred, let me sow love where there is injury, pardon, where there is doubt Faith where there is despair, hope where there is Darkness light and where there is sadness Joy. Oh Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console to be understood as to understand to be loved as to love for. It is in giving that we receive it is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
 Isn't ayuda. We are born to eternal life. Thank you for being here this morning. Thank you for joining us today here at Community Church. Hope you'll join us in person.
