Good morning. Welcome. Good morning, welcome. This is a new day that the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. The Lord be with you good Easter season as we continue through these are seasonal coming up toward the end of it. Pentecost is about two weeks away and so we're kind of in Dina the Easter season. The glad you all are here worshipping with us. Today we do want to begin this morning just with a
 Wonderful announcement that we have a student that has been selected for our lf-cc scholarships. I'm nice. Linda Robinson to come and to share with us that recipient. So very proud to have. Thank you, Linda, and thank you for all her good work. Give her hand for all the good work.
 I'm vertically challenged so we thank you all for your donations. They were most generous, we've been able to fund one, two thousand dollar scholarship it was awarded to Cassie wit from Putnam County, High School Cassie will be attending Wesleyan University in Macon Georgia.
 She during High School, Cassie was the editor of the school yearbook and Cassie enjoys writing prose and poetry. She plans to pursue a degree in political science. And so again, thank you very, very much. This is our first scholarship that we've been able to do separate from
 Lake County Youth Alliance and in support of Lake Oconee youth Alliance. So this is a special first time scholarship. So thank you very much.
 Thank you, appreciate it. Our lectionary reading today comes from 1st jhana. This is not the Gospel of John. This is what's known as first second and third John over there, new revelation, oftentimes text that get neglected. Most of us don't memorize those coming scriptures coming from those tags but what's interesting is this particular passage when I read it to you you're going to recognize quite a few phrases that come from this particular tag. So we oftentimes will quote a but we
 Oftentimes don't know where it was located when it comes to the scriptures. Because again, this section of the New Testament toward Revelation tends, to get neglected quite often, but this talks about God and love. This is really part of the heavy text whenever we buy, somebody says God is love, you know, it's coming from this text. This is where in the New Testament, the writer of First, John just really expresses the Dynamics of Love who put love means in our
 Students in our universe. So first John chapter 4, 7 to 21, I'm reading from the common English Bible. Dear Franz, let's love each other because love is from God. And everyone who loves is born from God and knows. God the person who doesn't love, does not know God because God is love. This is how the love of God is revealed to us. God has sent his only son.
 The worlds that we can live through him. This is love. It is not that we loved God, but that God loved us. And sent his son as a sacrifice that deals with our sins. Dear friends. If God loves us this way, we also ought to love each other. No one has ever seen. God, if we love each other, God remains the nose and his love is made. Perfect. In us. This is how we know we were
 Main in him and he remains and us because he has given us a measure of his spirit.
 We have seen the testified that the father has sent the son to be the savior of the world. If any of us confess that Jesus is God's son, God remains in us and we remain in God, we have known and have believed the love that God has for us.
 God is love and those who remain in love, remaining God, and God remains in them. This is how love has been perfected in us so that we can have confidence on the judgement day because we are exactly the same as God is this in the world. There is no fear in love.
 But perfect, love drives out fear.
 Because fear expects punishments, the person who is afraid has not been made perfect. In love, we love because God, first loved us, those who say, I love, God and hate their brothers and sisters are liars.
 After all those who don't love their brothers and sisters whom they have seen, can hardly love God, whom they have not seen this commandment, we have for him, those who claims to love, God ought to love their brother and sister. Also, this is word of God for the people of God, and we say, thanks be to God as we in our time of prayer, meditation will take him on mother silence, given each of us a chance to lay the concerns of our hearts.
 For God and to your God, still Small Voice breaking directive to each one of us, then I'll lead us to the community prayer and we'll close with the Lord's Prayer. So let us down.
 We've got the once again of God in this place to come and to worship you and during this Easter season. Oh goddess we remain in the power of the resurrection and as we continue to articulate and profess that Christ is risen, he is risen indeed and during this this time of the spring what we seem to live coming out all around us, the blooming of flowers, the the spread of pollen and all the
 They mix of life that are around us. Lord we reminded of the new birth. He comes from east of the Resurrection. So what an appropriate season for the church to be celebrating and remembering what you've done for us. Lord, and the world that we see all the Dynamics that are happening around us.
 We pray for strength to comes from you. Then we stay rooted rooted on the Solid Ground of which we stand amongst all the shifting sand of the world around whenever chaotic Dynamics. Peggy happening, personally in our lives and then collectively as a community, and nation and world.
 I was floored to see the concerns that are around us and to show us give us Direction on how we should address those concerns.
 Help us not to be apathetic and unconcerned about those who are less fortunate around us.
 I was to continue to see opportunities opportunities for service for transformation for making a difference that our lives will truly make a difference because we're leaving for you.
 Today. Oh God is we see this text from first, John and realize how much love is evident. It is what you are all about. It is what we are all about, learning to love one another and learning to love you really is the greatest of The Commandments.
 Help us Lord to reach that challenge to meet it to embody it.
 To truly be different Lord. For if we love you and love others, we do know you.
 And we do live in you, we ask that you bless all of these things, the name of Jesus, the one who told us to pray, Our Father, who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us. Our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. For thine is the kingdom
 And the power and the glory forever and ever. Some children were asked what they thought that love is. And here's their answer. Love is like this, when my grandmother got arthritis, she couldn't bend over to put her shoes on anymore. So my grandfather does it for her all the time, even when his hands got arthritis, too.
 Lagos. My mother goes with my dad in his boat even though she knows she will get seasick. Love is when your puppy licks your face and you don't care, even though he has been eating something that really failed. Love is my dad getting up in the middle of the night to change my sheets after I've thrown up on every way. Or God could have said magic words to make the nails fall off the cross. But he
 Because he loves us.
 Isn't it interesting to know? The children didn't talk about some sort of warm fuzzy feeling about toward one person to one person's toward another but rather what they focused on was what love does.
 Because of that, they are very helpful and very meaningful meanings. When we talk about, what is it? That love does in our life. Like this example, my dad got really angry with my mother but she ran in when she ran into the garage door with the car and love is seeing them hug and make up.
 Love is the word that describes the relationship between two people, but it's more than that.
 Love involves action. Love involves words that demonstrate that one person is special.
 Oh mother state next weekend. You know the words I love you Mom or important because they're Hollow but they if they are Hollow if those words are not followed up with any kind of actions which are motivated by the love that has just been expressed, just give it a card, it's not enough.
 When the Apostle Paul talks about love and his famous words is the rampions. He doesn't describe a feeling the warm feeling. This been close to a person, is the feeling that it gives us when we're close to person. There's no way he's talking about instead. Paul gets to the heart of what love is by describing the love. What love does and what love does not do. Oh, you know, the text is right at lots of wedding.
 His love is patient and kind love is not jealous or boastful or rude or proud. Love does not demand its own way. Love is not irritable and it keeps no record of when it has been wronged love indoors, through all circumstances and therefore gives us
 We know these words Often by hearted and the kind of roll off the tongue so easily, but they can be quite difficult to put actually into practice.
 When a person is really agitating, when a person is selfish, when a person is inconsiderate, Paul says that love dictates that we are to be patient, kind, never rude or irritable and that we should leave no stone unturned to be friends again with that person.
 In this kind of situation, regardless of the injury calls to us, love demands, certain action on our part.
 When we're trying to deal with a breakdown in a relationship with another person, this is not the time that feelings are to take control because it's likely that the feelings will only want to get back at the other person is likely that the feelings want to justify. Justify our own wrong and accused and condemned the other person and get us all uptight.
 To say things say things that are actually quite unkind Instead. This is the time this is the time for the kind of love that only wants peace and harmony.
 The kind of love that is willing to forgive past hurts and to reach out and friendship.
 To those who hold that? What goes around comes around this kind of love that. Paul is talking about. It is quite a logical.
 Oh, and it demonstrates the kind of weakness in a person's character.
 What the Bible says is so different, so different than that worldly thinking.
 Strength of character is shown when a person determines to only let love love control their words and actions. This is the kind of love that John warranted and was referring to here in 1st John when he talked about the undeserved love that God has shown to us John first on for 10. Then I read this is what love is. It is not that we have loved God.
 Have to take God, loved us and sent his son to be. The means by which our sins are forgiven.
 The Bible is quite clear, there is no doubt about God's patience with us. God's love will always follow us no matter how how terrible you and I have been or how much we have ignored his love for us. God's love is always supportive. God's love is always encouraging especially when things are going wrong.
 His love involves sacrifice giving up the life of Jesus on the cross, just for us.
 His love for involves that sacrifice. Just to forgive us and to make it possible for us to be friends with him again.
 His love gives us hope.
 That when our journey is finished.
 When we're finished here on this planet.
 We have eternal life in heaven.
 His love is a never-ending Supply forgiveness, for all all, who trust and believe that Jesus died for them.
 On Saturday, September 18th 1982, the US government released the results of the very sad investigation. It reported that a soldier stationed in Korea had defected to the Communists. And according to the investigation on August 28th 1982, this 20 year old private willingly cross the Korean demilitarized zone into North Korea
 Motives that are not known his fellow American soldiers, pleaded with him to turn back but this Soldier did not respond. Well, the day after the findings were released the parents of the young man held a press conference on the lawn of their home and wiping tears from their eyes. You can just imagine wiping tears from the eyes of father said that they accepted the fact that indeed there son.
 Was The Defector he has lost his credibility in this country. Even with me said the man, but then he showed the heart of the flaws arm. I still love my son, he said and I want him back.
 That is the kind of loving heart that our heavenly father has for us. In fact, I don't believe we can even grasp what God is really high.
 The holy Lord of Heaven and Earth or creator of the universe. Our creator loves us so powerfully that he will stop at nothing. He will stop at. Absolutely nothing to restore us with the relationship into a relationship with him.
 His love is such that he would even let Jesus Christ. God himself be subject to the sinfulness of the humanity and to down across for us.
 The god that God should do. All that is all of this for us for you and me just speaks of the of the vastness of the universe. It's absolutely amazing when you think about it.
 This just where we're a speck in the universe the way. There's not much to us, it all he's got to do is see the latest astronomy and realized that the Earth is not in the center of the universe by any means for on the backside to some degree of a lot of other activity going on. And yet, God loves us as little specks over here in the universe.
 I need to know you and I we hurt our heavenly father with every sin that we commit, he still, he still says to us. I love you. I love you. And I want you to come by.
 Jesus died for all the times that you and I we have failed that love. He died to give us a fresh start. Taking all of our sin on himself and making us his special people. God wants us to be the kind of people. He created us to be people who will go to any lengths to show love toward others in the same way that Jesus gave up everything for us.
 Six year old Brandon decided, one Saturday morning to make pancakes for his parents.
 He found a big bowl and a spoon. You can just imagine this pulled up a chair, to the kitchen bench, open the cupboard, and pulled out the heavy flour. Canister, spilling it all on the floor, he scooped up some of the flour into the bowl with his hands and he mixed it in with a cup of milk and added some sugar and an egg leaving, a kind of Flowery Trail on the floor.
 Brandon was covered in flour and getting frustrated, he wanted. He wanted this to be something very good for his mother and father, but it was going very bad.
 As he got down off the chair, he knocked the egg carton onto the floor frantically. He tried to clean out this Monumental mess, but but slipped on the eggs and landed on the floor, getting his pajamas, all sticky and and just covered with flour. Just use your imagination of what's going on in the kitchen and just the end. Just then he saw his dad standing at the door.
 With big tears, welded and Brandon's eyes, all he wanted to do was to do something good.
 But he had made the terrible Mass.
 He was sure he was going to get into deep trouble, but his father, just watched and and walk you through the mess, he picked up his crying son and hugged him, giving his own pajamas, white with flour and sticky with broken eggs in the process of loving him. And then he proceeded to help Brandon make the best batch of Pancakes.
 Only love only love you know only love can make that mess cleaned up for you. See our love might be far from perfect and in spite of our good intentions we end up in a mess.
 But that doesn't lessen. God's love for us in any way. God loved rolls up his sleeves and gets all messy, and he got all Misty dying on the cross for us.
 He hugs us, he loves us. He forgives us. He encourages us and he helps us through the Holy Spirit. Put on love everyday.
 John goes home his letter and says dear friends. If this is how God loves us then we should love it. One another and a bit later. He says the command that Christ has given us is this who 11. Whoever loves God must love others. Also
 What could be clearer than that?
 Receiving God's love places on us, the responsibility to share that same love. There is a call to obedience here, a call to following God's way a call to live life as people who've been saved, called redeemed and sent out,
 There's nothing to suggest that showing love is optional.
 There is nothing here to suggest that love is the kind of thing you can do when his suit you or when you feel close to a person or when another person is kind to you. When John says, whoever loves God must love others. Also, there are no ifs, buts or maybes, no room for asking first. Well, what is the person died?
 For me.
 To put it more bluntly. This isn't feeling good kind of love.
 The kind of love that appeals to our emotions and to our feelings.
 The kind of love that Jesus is talking about, it's a very practical kind of love.
 A sacrificial kind of love. The kind of love that doesn't ask. What the cost is, is a lot of that doesn't rely on friendly feelings toward others. That's the kind of love that Jesus has for us. There was nothing likable or friendly about those who now, Jesus, to the cross. And yet, Jesus could steal still look at them with nothing.
 But love and forgiveness.
 We know all too well that this kind of love is just so hard. We mess up daily in our attempts to be kind and caring and compassionate and understanding. We feel bad that that our love has been selectively showing love only to those who have been kind to us
 We feel bad because they're been limits on just how much we do for. We will do for someone else.
 We feel bad that love, it's not being the controlling force that guides us in our relationships. And the restoring of those relationships, when things go south, what makes us feel even worse? What makes this feel even worse? Is when we hear Jesus. Say, love one another.
 As I love you.
 If that's your experience, that's the precise reason that Jesus died on the cross.
 And our baptism. And every time we come for the Lord's supper and everything else, he reminds us that even though we have failed, we are still steal. His dearly love to run.
 Even though we find it so hard to love, as he has commanded, he doesn't give up on us.
 When the love of Jesus is in a hard, We Go From Here. Determined that his love. Will truly make a difference.
 We've been told God is love.
 And we need to love others.
 And for that, we say, thanks be to God.
 I used to play the piano and another church. And the woman that put in there was an organist in the woman that played the organ, was very strict on the Methodist lectionary. When terms of the hymns and we weren't able to play. For example, if we couldn't play A Christmas, Carol, during Advent and she also wouldn't wouldn't let us sing songs about the cross until after Easter. I don't know if she was right or wrong, but it is beautiful to hear all the great.
 Seems about the cross in the sun days after Easter.
 If you'll, please stand and have several folks, to be traveling this coming weekend for Mother's Day. So, safe travels of you all have wonderful. Wonderful, Mother's Day for next weekend for those from being able to be with family and for the rest of us will see you here next. Sunday are close to benediction is the prayer of Saint Francis. Encouraging each of us to be instruments of God's peace. Let's say this together as we leave this place. Lord, make me an instrument of your peace, where there is hatred. Let me sow.
 Where there's injury pardon where there is doubt Faith, where there is despair, hope where there is Darkness light and where there is sadness Joy. Oh Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console to be understood as to understand to be loved as to love for. It is in giving that we receive it is in pardoning that we are pardoned as they die. They were
 Born to eternal life. I'm here have a great week. Thank you for being here was great. Having you all working with us here on the internet. Like you can join us in person and give us the address to come here.
