Yo.
 Good morning. This is indeed a that the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in. It is good to see you all here today for the Second Sunday of Easter which begins to seize. The most people think he stirs only one day, but actually he stirs a full season that we go until Pentecost. And so we invite me here, glad to have you all here for the beginning of that season. I did want to reference in case you want to. Wait. We weren't aware Carolyn fears. We've had it hurt our prayer list. She said it.
 With the brain tumor issue. So Carolyn has been a very active person with other Purpose with the country players, other kind of activities here in the lake area. So skip Flint said that to me this yesterday or day before and anyway we want you to we've added Carolyn to our list. These keep her in our prayers as well. Glad to have it come up and share with us this morning Dynamics concerning the like the kind of Youth Alliance said.
 Good morning. I've been asked to share with you. A little update on the Lake Oconee youth Alliance.
 And they gave me three five minutes. So the only way I had know how to do that is to kind of put it in a journalism form of writing an article. And if I were going to write this article, I would I would use the headlines of loc. See scholarships change lives.
 I would put the lead in there.
 Up to day 21 students from Putnam.
 And green counties.
 Representing are attending eight different universities throughout the state of Georgia are currently attending these universities and may not have had that chance, had it not been for this congregation and Lake Oconee Community Church.
 Now these students the second paragraph would go on to say that these students.
 Are majoring in things like computer science.
 Fashion psychology, anthropology business education, and on, and on and on and the impressive thing.
 Is that these 21 students currently carry a GPA Collective GPA of 3.6.
 Something some of us. Never additionally. There are eight students. There are eight students that made the President's List and that is a perfect 4.0
 And as you read down through the article, you would see a brief history.
 about all that how all this came about, going back to roughly 2010 when our Focus back then was
 And and you can correct me on a lot of this, what our Focus back then was on summer enrichment, programs, we had field trips for the kids that went to Fernbank World, cope the capitol, Martin Luther, King memorials, and on, and on, and on.
 And then somewhere around.
 2017.
 We refocused.
 we knew that we were handling, or our
 What's the word we were?
 Giving service to kids in the elementary Primary Elementary, Middle Schools and high schools with our various programs of the imagineers of Buddy. Programs of lunch with buddies programs, etc, etc. But we didn't have closure
 On some of the kids as they went off to college.
 And that's where we began to refocus on providing scholarships and I believe it was 2018.
 Was when our first scholarships were awarded.
 And what started in 2018 is now up to 21 kits.
 Now, we began all of this with this congregation and your contributions.
 That is undeniable.
 It is a program that has kind of grown because of the need has grown outside of the confines of this church and into the community.
 That is the reason right around 2020. Last year, we formed the Lake Oconee youth Alliance. It is simply to provide the opportunity for us to engage other churches, other businesses, other individuals in are in the assistance program for college students, because although every year
 We have some well this year alone, I think Rita, we have what 20 applications are, no 12 applications already, not all those kids will receive scholarships and particularly in the current environment would covid. It's going to be even less than that.
 But what we're trying to continue to do, is to raise money for these kids are long range gold and it's an ambitious one for the lake of County Youth Alliance.
 Is to establish enough principle.
 Close to a million or two million dollars were weakened every year guarantee.
 without asking this church or anybody else for additional funds, we can guarantee them
 Money's for scholarships.
 the Lego County Youth Alliance which this church is the Cornerstone in the founding member
 has no paid professional staff has donated office space. It is actually the second floor of the pyramid building. We just get a sign up there so we have no overhead to speak of 99 percent of every dollar you spend.
 Goes directly towards the scholarship program.
 We would ask that this year and I know it's a tough year that you give generously when you make your check out. The only thing you have to do is when you put loc, see put the word scholarships beside it.
 And the more support this church continues to give it shows our displays an example of continued support that we can share with other churches and businesses. Thank you.
 oh, by the way, for those of you that missed the behind the Gates article,
 In last month's edition, of inside the gates, I'm sorry on page 66. This article appeared, I have half a dozen or 12 dozen 12 copies with me and I'll leave them on the back table. It explains the entire program in much better detail, I just did thank you.
 I felt a reference today, Coker is the board chair for youth Alliance or proud of him being there. Also, Linda Robinson, who's here, this morning represents us on that board. And then of course we just gags is amazing mover and Shaker on my view when I'm solving here this morning. So it's good to have them president. Have them represented only youth Alliance. Thank you. A good job. There are several appearance stories that occur about Jesus in the New Testament and the gospels. His
 Students tacos post. Resurrection, of course. The famous one is ready to Emmaus which we've done on other years this year the lectionary maze to John and the appearance story that's quite famous. This recorded in the Gospel of John. Chapter 20 verses 19 through 31, I'll be reading from the common English Bible. It was still the first day of the week that evening when the disciples were behind closed doors because they were afraid of the Jewish authorities.
 Jesus came and stood among them. And he said, peace be with you. After he said this, he showed them his hands and his side. And when the disciples saw the Lord, they were filled with joy. Jesus said to them again, peace be with you as the father sent me. So I am sending you then he breathed on them and said, receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive anyone's sins, they are forgiven. If you don't forgive them, they are not forgiven Thomas.
 That's when they called Artemis. One of the twelve was not with the disciples when Jesus came. The other disciples told him, we have seen the Lord, but he replied unless I see the nail marks in his hands, but my finger in the wounds left, by the nails and put my hand into his side. I won't believe.
 After eight days, the disciples were again in the house and Thomas was with him even though the doors were locked Jesus entered and stood among them. He said peace be with you. Then he said to Thomas, put your finger here. Look at my hands, put your hand into my side. No more disbelieve, believe Thomas responded to Jesus. My Lord. And my God, Jesus replied. You believe because you see me? Blessed are those
 Don't see. And yet believe.
 And Jesus did many other Miracles miraculous science in his disciples presence signs, that aren't recorded in this scroll, that these things are written, so that you will believe that Jesus is the Christ God's son and that believe in, you will have life in his name. This is the word of God for the people of God, and we say, thanks be to God as we in our time of prayer, meditation, right? Each of us to take moment of silence given us, a chance to hear the voice of God. Speaking directly to each one of us.
 For us to be able to share within our own Hearts, the concerns that we have and laid them before God. Then I ladies that you came to me to prayer will close with the Lord's Prayer. So, let us bow.
 We Gather once again. Oh God into this place to come and worship you and in this Easter season. Oh God. We live within the power of the resurrection. And hopefully all year is the Easter season. But least until now the Pentecost the church Universal acknowledges that this is the season that we live. This kind of understanding of Good Friday and Easter Sunday. And even though things may not be perfect in the circumstances,
 around us, there is still some power that comes from the resurrection, and for Jesus being present with us,
 So Lord help our lives reflect that with everybody would come in contact with we as a church may we be your presence here in Lake Oconee and Beyond giving that life-giving presence collectively and individually and it truly making a difference, making an indifference in a world that desperately needs us.
 So help us to be disciplined. Oh Lord. Forgive us when we're a pathetic.
 And we just pray, Lord, that we will be faithful and all that you called us to be. We pray all this in the name of Jesus. There's the resurrected one, the one who told us to pray, Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us. Our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but deliver
 brought us from evil for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever and ever is there something that you are afraid of
 What is it that he either paralyzes you with fear or it starts you screaming.
 I mean, maybe it's one of these mice to phobia, the fear of dirt Hydrophobia, the fear of water
 Not to phobia, the fear of darkness.
 A rat acrophobia, the fear of high places Arachnophobia, the fear of spiders xenophobia, the fear of strangers higher authority, Bia. The fear of priests, or pastors claustrophobia, the fear of confined places.
 These next one's gonna be a little tough. Try try cock Trice, Kosta coffee. Oh, it's his me. Try skog be cut Tuffy. Oh, the fear of the number 13,
 Thank you and happy and I'm going to have you do this last one and then give me a minute Titta phobia or German phobia the fear of Germans but this is a this is a daisy. Maybe you'll know this a hand. Okay. Hypo poto monstrous equip it DOD filho it is the fear of long words. So you know the anything there's a story about the Anglican Archbishop
 Of Dublin who had badly, damaged his back in the fall. And from that moment, from that moment, the Archbishop he constantly lived in fear of being paralyzed. And so he was constantly feeling his legs. He was constantly pinching his legs to see if he had had paralysis. Well, lady was sitting next to him at a dinner and she noticed that the Agent Bishop was agitated
 Any any kept kind of muttering to himself and so he and he's just sitting there going. Well, it's come at last, it's coming less. I can't feel a thing. I can't believe. I finally happen. I'm paralyzed. What kind like the woman asked the muttering Bishop what's wrong? And he said, well, I've been pitching my legs for the last five minutes and I can't feel a thing. He replied. I must be paralyzed and the woman answered.
 Sure this. All right Your Grace. It's my leg. You've been pinching for the person who has some kind of phobia. There is no peace. There is no peace. Until the object causing the figure is removed. Oh, got a good friend who has a phobia of stuffed toys to, can you imagine teddy bear stuffed toys. She can't bear a fluffy toy for whatever reason, anywhere near her. And she
 I will not relax will not relax, until the toy is removed. Likewise another person who has signed a phobia, she is terrified, if there's a dog, anywhere, nearby, fear can be illogical, in fear can be, baseless after all, what harm can a fluffy toy actually calls?
 But for the person affected by such fear, it is real and they cannot relax.
 The disciples were afraid though. They were confused. They had witnessed the Called Death of Jesus on the cross Peter, and John had witnessed the empty tomb early that morning, but we're told that they did. We are told that they did not understand anything. Jesus is said about rising from the dead after three days. They had listened to Mary magdalene's account of her meeting with Jesus in The Garden near the tomb where Jesus had been laid. They gather together on the evening of Easter Day behind.
 Locked doors.
 They were afraid and they had reason reason to be afraid. The temple authorities have been out to get Jesus for mines. Oh repeatedly they were seeking ways to get rid of this Troublemaker. Try to trap him and making statements that they could use against him. And the disciples also knew from their experience that the chief priests in the church.
 Priests and other religious authorities, they were determined determined. And in the end God what they wanted, the death of a man who they believed undermines has the authority and challenge the religious beliefs of the people. Since the authorities have been instrumental in the torture and death of their Master, it was no wonder. No wonder that they were huddled together.
 Behind locked doors.
 Who knows that there might be the next one's that they were the next one's to be dragged away and treated like Jesus for after all the rumor, the rumor had been spread that Jesus body had been taken from the tomb and it was highly likely that the authorities would blame the disciples.
 But it was not only the religious authorities the disciples fee or one of their own, it actually portrayed betrayed. Jesus Judas was more than just a friend Judas had been one of the core group of disciples that was chosen by Jesus. It is, is it possible that someone else and they knew personally could also be traded down?
 Whom could they Trust?
 Their Fear wasn't some unreasonable in logical phobia it was real. And their fear was so intense that they forgot the many words of assurance and comfort that Jesus had spoken to them. Jesus had warned and he wore them that he would be going away, but told them not to worry.
 Not to be upset but to trust in God. But at the moment, all that you feel is fear
 So when they met, they make sure that the doors were locked and I dare say, make sure that very few people knew where they were meeting.
 Fear fear can be a confusing condition. Oh, there's good fear and there's bad fear. If you're trying to cross the busy street in his good to be afraid, I wish more people along the Atlanta Highway in Athens where a little more afraid as they're walking around jaywalking all over Atlanta Highway. But if you're trying to cross these be be afraid. You know, if you notice frayed wires on your electric appliances, it's right to be
 Grade, if you're caught in a storm, it's normal to fear the lightning and destructive forces that the way end. But if fear is give it to larger role, if fear begins to dominate your thoughts, feelings and behavior, it can become distracting.
 It can become distorting.
 It can become disabling. It can even become a dangerous emotion.
 It fear causes you to panic in the middle of a tricky. Driving maneuver or make sure mind go blank in the middle of an exam or prevent you from talking to a certain person for no longer week for no logical reason than fear controls you.
 and give it too much rain you and I no longer or able to think and to do things normally
 and when the Risen Lord appears to the disciples behind locked doors, this only adds to their fears,
 Jesus Is Dead. They had seen it with their own eyes. They panicked. And the first thing, Jesus, addresses in their fear, we are told that Jesus came and stood among them peace, be with you. He said, then to make it doubly, sure that they got the message. She said to them, again, peace be with you.
 This man in front of them, showed him the Deep wounds in his hands and a gash in his side. And Jesus message in spite of all of that, is, that is threatening all that is changing. All that defies human understanding is simply peace, be with you relax. Don't be afraid. I am with you.
 When Thomas is confused by the disciples claimed to have seen Jesus alive and declares he can't believe, unless he actually touches the scars of Jesus hands inside, Jesus appears to him, and his message is the same. Even in the face of Doubt, Jesus says simply peace be with you.
 And then he gives Thomas what he needs to believe Martin Luther the great reformer preacher from this same text noted this I quote just as Christ did not stay long outside away from his frightened disciples but soon was there comforting them and saying, peace be unto you. I am calm be of good cheer and fear not.
 So it is still when you and I are afraid. God lifts us odd.
 This is how the Easter message works when God, what a cock, but God accomplished in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, it changes everything. The Risen Savior brings us. Peace.
 When you and I are downhearted about our sin. When you and I are upset about the way we have treated others. And especially God, the Risen Christ, brings us, forgiveness, and peace.
 When our sins are forgiven and our relationships are restored, this brings peace to a guilty conscience.
 It brings healing and Reconciliation between those hurt and offended. It brings newness and a fresh start. We have peace of mind because we no longer have to fear the Judgment of God on all that. We do say. And think that is. So contrary to what God wants of us, we say it in our liturgy again and again, after we have heard that we are forgiven peace, be with you as part
 Whitney is part of language that we use in church as well. The Risen Jesus brings peace because we fear the day of our death or when we stand in the open grave of a loved one it is natural. It is normal for us to have the kind of fear fear but overriding this fear is the sure sure, knowledge, sure, knowledge. That when we pass through the dark Valley of Death you and I
 Will enter a glorious New Life in eternity. The Risen Christ gives peace. When you and I face times of Doubt, confusion crisis sickness and grieve.
 The fact that we have a savior who is risen from the dead assures us, that he is present with us in those times, as king of kings and Lord of lords. He is able to support and help us.
 Oh, there's a lot in life that can make you an IRA freid threats to our personal safety threats to Career paths threats to happiness of our families threats to our financial security and threats to our health. We may be frightened by sickness or by aging.
 There are so many things that can cause you, and I to be panicky and Afraid.
 And in every case and in every moment, Our Savior appears to us as one who offers us, peace.
 He is the one who comes through the locked doors and lovingly assures. The terrified peace be with you. Jesus offers each of us, security, love and peace in the scariest toughest most confusing times of Our Lives. He is the ever-present Living Lord and his commitment to us. Never ever waivers.
 Now, we come to an interesting challenging part of the text, the peace that Jesus gives isn't just for our private use. He goes on to say is the father sent me?
 So I send you to put it, simply the piece of the Risen Savior, the piece that the Savior gives is to be shared. It is to be passed on to those who are around us who live in fear. After experiencing God's peace, what we hear from God, through his word, we are challenged to share the piece that we have experienced with those who have no peace.
 There are those who are burdened with, in our community, within our relationships. There are those who are burdened with guilt. There are those who are afraid of surgery. There are those who are afraid of old age, and dying. There are those who need the peace of God in their lives. Jesus commission's. Each of us, each of us to be challenges of his channels if he is peace to others,
 Pass on the piece that you've received for me. Jesus tells his 21st century disciples pass on the piece and know that this will make a difference in the lives of individuals, a difference in the life of the church and of the community as a whole
 Locked doors could not keep him out.
 Nothing. Can
 He is present among us today, as surely as fully as he was with the disciples in the locked room, on that first Easter. He is here with us to free us from our fears. He is here with us to speak his piece to our hearts into our hearts. He is here to forgive our sins. He is here to turn our sorrow into gladness. He is here to bless us and to challenge us to pass.
 On his peace, his peace be with you also.
 So the Peace of Lord made the peace be with you.
 Thanks be to God.
 Most beautiful hymns about pieces, probably, It Is Well with My Soul and maybe you've heard the story of the him in. 1873 a prominent, Chicago attorney, and businessman. He and his wife lost a little four-year-old, girl, and the mother, and the others, he had four other daughters and they were so sad that the mother and the four daughters went on a vacation to Europe.
 And the shit that they were on sank, in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, and 12 minutes, hit another ship and, you know, communication was slow in those days and it took a while. But finally, the man didn't know what had happened to his family, and he got a telegram from Wales, a few days later and it said saved alone. In other words, the
 Mother had survived, but the four daughters on the ship had gone down to the bottom of the ocean. And the that man, Andrew interest rule wrote this beautiful him. It Is Well with My Soul.
 Thank you, appreciate that. Let us stay in for our cousin benediction to pray. The Prayer of Saint Francis which purchases to go out into the world and share the peace. That God has given us to be peacemakers to share to all we come in contact with. Let us say this together as we leave this place Lord make me an instrument of your peace, where there is hatred. Let me sow love where there is injury, pardon, where there is doubt Faith where there's despair hope where they're starting.
 And slide and where there is sadness. Joy. Oh Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console to be understood. As to understand to be loved as to Wild. What is he giving every receive it is in pardoning that we are pardoned is in dying that we are born to eternal life. Thank you for being here this morning.
