Change the change, the change, wandering comes tumbling in like a prodigal child. See the water. Start crumbling that the Gates of Glory open wide.
You can have a seat.
 We are going to have some announcements now.
 I love music these guys Friday night. He wasn't there, you miss something. These guys put in a show I've heard people sing I've heard a lot of people play music but these guys put on a show that was a lot of clapping as a lot of people. Bragging lot of people commending, the ways that they performed Friday night, you get a chance you need
 To go see these guys. I mean, they put on a show up here. Yes, but they really do put on a show when they get out in public. All right, today after church informational meeting about the Youth mission trip tonight. Mobile church, is it Marie Lindsay's house at six o'clock. This is Josh's mom, if you need directions, you know, just see him after church.
 Next Sunday, membership class after church and see past the Scotty to get signed up. You want to become a member and next Sunday. Next Sunday, not this Sunday, but Nick funding that dress, all right. That's a mobile church will be at Jonathan and carry humans house and Union point. I don't know exactly where that's at myself so we may want to see passes.
 Exactly where that's at. It's right next door to their neighbors.
 Their house.
 Yeah.
 Come see our hearts.
 Sweep place with hope like wildfire around our very Souls Spirit come and very done.
 There, sir.
 Let's go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Father, You Are, Holy you are good, you are right. And all your ways we adore. You we love you. Jesus Christ, we pray that your spirit will continue to just fill this place that we will continue this heart and atmosphere of joyous worship just celebrating how good you are. How wonderful it is that
 Been saved by you. How wonderful the grace is. That we are just swimming in. Father, I pray for all of the concerns and burdens and all that kind of stuff. Vitamin. We just bring it here today and put it on an altar and then just leave it there. Father knowing that you take care of us that you're a God. Who meets your people where they are and Carries our burdens for us. Father, we pray for our community as we tackle, all these different kinds of Outreach strategies and think of all these different kinds of ways of reaching new people, may you bless our efforts father's. We look at things like mobile church tonight. I pray that that will go just so
 So well and and will do a great job representing you in the neighborhood. Father, bringing the church into the neighborhood where it belongs. You are good and we love you. We trust you. We are your people. We put ourselves in your hands and we continue to pray. We love you, amen. If I could have our Usher's come forward right quick, we're going to continue to worship through the receiving of ties and offerings. This is our opportunity to celebrate what God has done and to give
 Back to him and an act of trust in an act of worship. Bible says, God loves a cheerful Giver gives, no compulsion. So, don't feel like anyone's twisting any arms here. We just love you, and this is how we fund our mission. This is how we make the church, go forward and keep paying all of our bills and make sure that we're able to keep reaching out to lost people. So, I'm gonna ask you, if you would pray over the offering sir.
 Oh, well well, good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How are you feeling this morning?
 Good.
 Awake.
 I'm awake to Alive, alert awake and enthusiastic. So what?
 I am, I am far from home. All right, side note, before we get started, I just gotta say, I did something funky to my back and every time I turn funny, or, you know, whatever little awkward movement, if I winced in pain, I'm not reflecting anything on you. That's me. That's internal. That's just happening. So just ignore me. Call me a baby, a sissy, whatever you want. Just know that. That's what's going on there. So don't don't think too much of it, you what?
 Getting old now I'm here. I hear. I hear it gets a lot better as I get older, right?
 35 via 35. 35, I'm 35 feel like 35 is 235, is too.
 I'm not 35.
 I'm 34.
 You have one job in this marriage.
 And it's to remember my age.
 Okay. Careful, careful, careful, careful.
 Okay, I'm taking this off.
 Can you hear me? Okay, if I use this one, it's almost louder. Isn't it?
 Can't see if I got it all or not.
 I will now post your cell phones to really catch me in that one. Are you?
 I got this. I got this. I watched a video on YouTube.
 I don't do this in a sink.
 Anybody up for a shave? I have real steady hands.
 Your head. That what we're looking at. Bring that cue ball over here. I'm gonna get him.
 can't shave the Contours of a smile now, can I
 Shut up.
 How many of you got a round of applause? Last time you shaved? Huh.
 Is that better? Am I all clean?
 Okay, can you hear me now? Okay, still.
 Cuz I forgot this morning and I was running late and I wanted to just do it now.
 now, this
 Terrible time to shave your face, Pastor. All right. So why am I shaving? My fate? Why did I just shave? My, why did I shave my face in front of everybody? Two reasons. And the first one is kind of vain. I am super proud that I can do that. How many fellas fellas shave with a straight razor? How many of you say with a straight razor still?
 Okay, when we moved here. So, this is fairly new for me. When we moved here, I was just curious about it. I've always seen it on TV and it looks so manly, you know what I'm talking about? Like like you watch it on TV and you see those guys with like the the knife or whatever they're like on a battlefield and like that was like whoa there's a real man or even see like the Professional Barber and you're like men you admire the skill and this craftsmanship of a, how they handle themselves.
 A tools, I guess that's neat. And so I did what, any young Millennial would do. I watched a million YouTube videos on how to do it and then I ordered one from Amazon and it showed up in the mail and I got myself a razor. And then I cut my face about 30 times the first time I shaved, and I bled all over the bathroom and my shirts and I bled all over everything and then I said, okay, that's probably not right. Maybe need to sharpen the razor some more. So I got those big fat, leather straps, you know, the kid beaten kind and
 I shaved order the eye. What's that? What sharpening? I sharpened it and I try it again. I cut myself another 30 or so times and so I actually switched to a different kind of Razor that has disposable blades built right into the straight edge. So now I use disposable straight edges. I'm not, it's kind of like it's like cheating. That's like not all the way there, right? If not, I'm not like a purist, I'm not super traditional but I could skip the leather part the leather belt part, then I shaved again, and I cut myself some more. I watched the more YouTube videos. I, she had began
 I cut myself a few more times she began shaped again. She again, this is over the course of several weeks because I really only have to shave about once a week. Because back to that, not being much of a man thing, I just can't grow it. Like a real man, I tell her I look in the mirror I'm like, can't you grow a beard? Come on. And then nothing happens. I look like a 16 year old, who's trying too hard. You know what I mean? It is so depressing, but at the same time, but once a week, I get in front of the mirror and I shave and, and, and before I knew it,
 I could do it with two or three Cuts. I got it down to where I was only bleeding a little bit, right? And then after, you know, a few more weeks, few more weeks, few more weeks. Keep shaving keep shaving, keep shaving practice on the dog, you know, whatever it took, I got down. I'm kidding about the dog. By the way, I got down to where I could shave my face without cutting myself anymore.
 The Habit.
 Formed me.
 I formed a habit and then the Habit formed me.
 I formed a habit in the habit. Formed me. I hope you remember that line because that is pivotal for today. This is so important I developed a skill with intention over time and before I knew it, the skill had set in so deep that I'm confident enough to just shave my face in front of a crowd of people will even have a little bit of nerves coursing through. And my hands are a little shakier than normal. I think, you know what, my hands have enough muscle memory in them. I'm
 Enough. I could probably do this in front of a whole crowd of people without even cutting my face. And I say that right now, I haven't even checked if I'm bleeding anywhere and I but but but but I can do it. Now I can do, I don't do it out, looking at homes, do in the shower, not even looking in the mirror because I've Got the Feeling down because the Habit has shaped me so much that that I just know how it's supposed to feel. I know how it's supposed to go. I know what it's supposed to sound. Like I know what it's supposed to look like, I know. Yeah, I got it.
 Time.
 Habit habits.
 R.
 Probably the most important aspect of our faith walk.
 And we miss that, I missed that, I missed that for a long, long time. I didn't have that rooted deep enough into me. My personal walk with Christ felt much like a roller coaster and a lot of you can identify. There were times where I felt super close to Christ there were times where I felt distant, there were times where I was reading. My Bible, all night, I would stay up all night and pray and
 Study scripture, and I wouldn't get any sleep at. I go to work the next day, whatever. I would just hit hard. I didn't care. I was so passionate and then I would go months without even opening the word of God, without even praying.
 I didn't have habits.
 Habits form us, we form our habits, and then our habits form us. Let me read a passage of scripture for today, because this is so so important.
 Now.
 Fear the lord and serve him with all faithfulness, throw away, the gods of your ancestors, they worshipped before beyond the Euphrates river and in Egypt and serve the Lord.
 But if serving the lord seems undesirable to you then choose for yourselves this day, whom you will serve whether the gods of your ancestors.
 Whom they serve beyond the Euphrates, or the gods of the amorites in whose land you are living. But as for me and my household, we will serve the Lord.
 The Familiar pass if you know you've heard this, I love this passage one because as a father in a man that's something you build your home on. That's something you build your family. That's some foundational piece. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. It's not a question. My kids don't wake up and get to choice if they're going to go to church or not.
 Because they're in my house. They're coming. I don't care. If you don't get dressed, you're going in your jammies. You're going. It's going to happen like it.
 Me and my house one day my kids have to make the decision. They'll have to choose. They'll have to decide if they want to follow Christ or not they'll have to become their own walk. It will have to become their own walk. But right now while they're under my house under my authority
 We will serve the Lord. So I spent a lot of time thinking about that. We will serve the Lord, we will serve the Lord. That's kind of the the main point of this. Let me give you a little bit of background on the passage and then we're going to unpack that sentence. We will serve the Lord because that is so pivotal to our walk. First of all, this comes at a very special time and Israelites history. And it's delivered by a very special man who led the Israelites.
 The Israelites had just come out of slavery and they had just left Egypt. And a lot of you know the stories there's been a lot of great movies made the Israelites come out of slavery and they cross the Wilderness and they get to the edge of the promised land and they look in but they see Giants and they're afraid and I tell God what are you trying to do? Kill us and God says, fine, I've had enough with you, you're going to wander the Wilderness for 40 years until everybody who was too cowardly.
 Cowardly to go in the promised land dies off and I'll raise up the Next Generation to take what I promised your ancestors. And so God takes his people back to the edge of the promised land, and he tells Moses because of something that went wrong along the way. You don't get to go into the promised land. Joshua son of nun, your Protege, your Apprentice. He's going to lead the people and so Moses goes off and dies.
 And the Israelites begin. One of the greatest conquests in human history. They take over the land of Canaan, the promised land, and they go in, on this massive, military assault with millions and millions of people and millions of soldiers. And they take all these different territories in the promised land and, and Joshua was leading them. And Joshua was fierce and Joshua was a warrior and Joshua was a Godly Man, Joshua had a tough job.
 It's hard to follow a legend.
 To be the the second leader of somebody who was really, really great to follow somebody. Who was really, really great. Can you imagine you're hearing Moses, say Joshua, you're going to take my staff and lead on into the future and you're like, what you parted the Red Sea you called down Manna From Heaven, you spoke to a rock and water gushed out. You saw the ten plagues.
 Destroy the superpower of the world at the time. What do you mean? I got to take your shoes. I got to run in your footsteps. I got to try to be the second after that. Usually, that guy gets steamrolled and sacrificed, right? And then the next guy can actually lead. That's usually how it goes, right. Oh, um, who's the, the coach and the player in the football game.
 Help me out here. Your football guy, right? Tom, Tom. Brady, he's pretty good, right? As far as the ball goes and throwing the ball and his coach,
 No, not that guy. I don't care who he's with now. The guy he was with
 Belichick. Okay. That was like a match made in heaven, right? Belichick and Brady. How many Super Bowls did they win together?
 Like all of them. What? Six six or seven. Okay, it was the Colts.
 I'm really into sports you know, Patriots. Okay. Sorry, cool.
 Patriots.
 Can you imagine being the next head coach of the Patriots? After that Legacy that Belichick left?
 Oh, I don't want to be that coach, right? I said so you've got Joshua trying to lead the people in. I shouldn't use examples where I know nothing about them, right. Okay. So you've got Joshua trying to lead these people into the promised land and Joshua will comes out on top. He's radically successful. They conquer almost all of the promised land. They set people up, they divvy up the land, they bring the promise to fruition. They realize the vision of a land flowing with milk and honey.
 They bring the people home, they established the nation, they've got it all set up. Joshua did what he was called to do he finished? Well,
 And now Joshua is at the end of his life and the Bible records. He's a hundred and ten years old and he's addressing the people. When you read this passage I've always pictured like this this very you know you like just the strong you know middle-aged just just this this massive man going to serve God or serve Idols choose today whom you will serve as for me and my house. We will serve it.
 Picture that.
 But what really happened was a hundred and ten year old man, stood up to address the crowd.
 Picture that. It's a little different.
 And and chapter 24 of the Book of Joshua records, this speech. And he says, do you remember
 Do you remember Abraham was living in a Land of idol, worshippers their patterns, their habits had formed them, they worshipped Idols, they didn't know God at all, but God chose Abraham, God called him out, God decided he wanted a relationship with him, God broke the pattern, broke the habits, broke the chains of bondage that the idolatry had created and called Abraham to A Whole New Life.
 And over time they become enslaved and you know something slavery causes habits slavery causes patterns slavery you don't get to choose you know your formed by your environment and slavery had kind of shape the nation of Israel and and then God chose them and said I want them out. I love them and God intervene and God broke through and God brought them out of slavery with a mighty mighty hand. And Joshua said, you remember the plagues you remember the Red Sea, remember how it covered the Egyptian?
 Army. You remember how he led us through the desert? Do you remember the food? You remember the Miracles? You remember the water? Do you remember the conquest? You remember how God drove out our enemies before us? You remember how we got to where we are?
 Then he says, throw away your idols. And this is the most heartbreaking thing to me. The fact that they got through everything that Joshua just described and still held onto idols.
 A hundred ten years old. Josh was going, you still have a problem with idolatry?
 Cleanse the land. Get rid of your Idols worship and serve God only.
 And he stops and looks at the people. And he says, but I'll tell you something, you need to make a decision. If you look at God and you see something undesirable, if you look at God and you don't see something beautiful, if you want something else, that's okay. Pick something else. If you want your Idols, if you'd rather have the gods of your, your ancestors who were lost in their in their own Wilderness, if you'd rather have the gods of the people whom God just smited if you'd rather have their gods. If
 Rather have any of this nonsense around you choose today whom you will serve.
 You're going to serve something, is the underlying message right there. You're going to serve something.
 The human heart is a factory for Idols. Can't remember which Theologian wrote that down, but that's great, theology. The human heart is a factory for Idols, you're going to serve something, you're going to serve something. You're going to make yourself a God, you're going to make your job, a God. You're going to make your spouse, the love relationships in your life. I'll God, you're going to make your children of God, you're going to make your career. 'god you're going to make something into a god.
 Choose today, whom you will serve. That's what Joshua said to him and then he makes this incredible statement. But as for me,
 In my house, we will serve the Lord all of you thority and the ferocity that a hundred and ten year old speaks over his own family.
 Grandparents, speak it out loud great-grandparents. Speak it out loud. I love what Joshua does. He claims it for his family? We will serve the Lord. I will exercise whatever influence. I have over my household and we will serve the Lord.
 What does it mean to serve the Lord?
 What does it mean to serve the Lord II just started?
 Searching through all these different scriptures and I started thinking a lot about it.
 It's a
 It's a unique word in the placement in the sentence is unique. We will serve. It's not we have served or we're going to serve some day. We're going to serve or it's not an event. It's a never going process. Our life is going to reflect service and the indication there is Habitual.
 The indication there is habit.
 And God actually prescribed habits into their lives and I'm going to unpack some of them but let me just talk through getting with my notes. I'm just going to talk through it.
 There were a handful of habits that they were to do to demonstrate their service to the Lord and then there's habits that Jesus prescribes for us to demonstrate our service to him to Jesus Christ. So first one, and this one is beautiful, this is a great Habit to get into sabbath-keeping.
 Sabbath. Keeping.
 Now, like I said, you're going to make an idol.
 Sabbath. Keeping.
 Destroys the idol of work and busyness and feeling like you're in charge of everything when Sabbath comes.
 You hang everything up and you say the world spins on without me I trust that God's got it under control and I don't have to work on it for a day. Once a week, every week, work, work, work work, work, work, rest.
 Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work, rest.
 This was a habit that God prescribed to his people.
 You don't buy and sell you don't.
 Cook, you don't worry about cleaning, you don't go plow the fields, you don't go harvest the field. You don't work in a blacksmith shop. You don't you don't, you don't do the sales, you don't, you don't do all this up. You just hang it up one day a week.
 I love Sabbath, the older, I get the more I need it yesterday. You guys yesterday I took a Sabbath my family and I we took a Sabbath. It's been really tough. Now that Lee has working trying to find that Sabbath. It's almost like we have to plan at the week ahead to get it on the right day. Sometimes it's very difficult to do but yesterday we took a Sabbath and we told the kids Friday night we said hey tomorrow Saturday we're taking the Sabbath as a family in my kids started clapping and cheering that we love.
 Of Sabbath Sabbath is the best because we don't make them do any chores on Sabbath because we don't ride them very hard. I'm very disciplinary and I'm very authoritative with my kids they get their jobs done but on the Sabbath we rest, we watch movies. I put on pajamas. We eat popcorn. You know, we rest and it's this beautiful habit of delighting and everything. God has given us delighting in the work that's been done Friday. I needed to work on the sermons a little bit more. I need to prepare
 Things for mobile church at your mother's house II was I was all I was thinking about. Was that event? I was thinking about a thousand other things I need to do with school work. I was thinking about other Church work phone calls, I need to make. And then Saturday morning I just said, you know what? I'm going to throw the chips up in the air and let them fall where they fall Sunday morning. I don't care if I feel underprepared, I'm not going to work through Sabbath. This is difficult.
 But it's good because it breaks down the idol of busyness breakdown, the idol of work and career.
 One habit.
 Sabbath forms me.
 I form the Sabbath habit and then the Sabbath habit forms me and see what's starting to happen in my life. It's foundational. I believe we're going to hear more about foundational living next week and I'm very excited about that.
 Next.
 God had commanded all of his people, the Israelites give 10% back to the Lord, when you harvest a field, take 10% of that Harvest, and give it to the Lord. When you make a sale, and you've got a great big commission, take 10% of that commission, give it to the Lord. When you bring in an income from your labor take, 10% of that income, give it to the Lord.
 You have 10 sheep, give one to the Lord, you see it's a pit temp is really easy number to manage 10% tithing.
 We've preached. This not because we as a church are like oh we need your money or we're not going to make it you know something I could find a job somewhere else.
 Modeling whatever, I could easily go work, right? It wouldn't be hard.
 The church.
 Is this sitting around going? I just want your money. I just want your money. I just want your money. We want your heart to be in the right place.
 The habit of tithing 10% of your income and giving generously the habit of a generous life, breaks the idolatry of money in your life. Jesus Christ said you cannot serve
 Two masters. You cannot serve, God and money. You're either going to serve money or you're going to serve God. You can't serve them both. So when we tie then we give to the church. When we say I'm a late at God's feet and give this to him and trust trust him with it. I'm going to take that step of faith and tithe. That's that's like saying in the face of idolatry. You're not my God, my God is my God.
 That's an act of service to the Lord. And that's a habit, you've formed the habit of tithing and the Habit will start to form you. It'll create a generosity in a freedom of worry. You stop worrying about bills. Like you used to, you, stop worrying about debt like you. Stop worrying about. How am I going to survive and pay the bills and how am I going to hit the car payments? How am I going to? What if my tire goes when you start tithing, that habit creates this confidence that God takes care of all your finances. Anyways and the Habit forms.
 You.
 You can talk to anybody that consistently ties and they will tell you that this is true. Anybody will tell you when you're faithful to God, God is faithful to you. You form the Habit. The Habit forms you
 It's great, foundational living choose today, whom you will serve next habit.
 Gathering for corporate worship.
 I've got like three or four scriptures for that. I can't keep turning around or I'm going to die.
 I lay down on the floor and a minute and just preach from the ground. If you're all okay with that, huh?
 I'm fine with that gathering for corporate worship. Now, I'm kind of preaching to the choir here because you have all gathered for corporate worship. You've done exactly what I'm talking about, you're making this happen and some of you joining us online, we're not shaming you for not being able to come. We are super glad you're joining us online. But but, but making a time of the week once, maybe twice, maybe a small group that you belong to for Bible study, or for encouragement, that's important to Any Time. Christians intentionally come together to honor God. That's what I'm talking about, for gathering for corporate worship.
 Scripture after scripture, after scripture, after scripture in the New Testament, love one, another carry one another's. Burdens do not stop meeting with one. Another encourage one, another speak the word, to one, another sing songs with one another. Give praise with one, another lift one another up in prayer. One another one, another one, another one, another one another, there's over, seventy one, another verses in the New Testament and the Old Testament is filled with Psalms that say, come to his courts, singing joyously Gather in his temple, with praise gather, gather.
 Rather God actually created holidays, where they were commanded to come together and gather for Great Moments of worship and said me and places and sending dogs and places like that where you can hear the word and you can lift up God's name in the community of believers.
 What greater formation than corporate worship.
 You gather and you come together and you get to see friends.
 You get to see people, you care about people, you like, hopefully there's some people here, you like there's some very light, we have likable people in this trial. We have some great folks here.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's easy to like people around here, make friends around here. This is a very family-oriented. Oh, it's a wonderful Church.
 You get encouraged, you get that community that friend that family. I'm in. I belong. I'm part of this church body. That's great. That's important. And then we come into this room and there's a wonderful little countdown. Letting you know, it's about to start that. Anticipation starts to build. Then we sing songs to God.
 And these songs, man. They remind us things about God.
 Yeah. First song, we saying, Come All You broken, any Sinners, anybody who's ever screwed up. There's room for you at the river. Come on down. Let the chains fall and then we what else did we saying? Build your kingdom here. Oh, by the way, we want to see God's kingdom, expand. Let the darkness fear. We want to make sure that God's kingdom is established firmly in Greensboro. Let it be in Greensboro as it is in heaven. Amen. And amen. And we want to reach people for Christ.
 Christ and that song encourages us to think man we got to we got to go Reach people. We sing, I'll fly away and I saw the light reminding us when we came to Christ at one point in our lives and it changed. Everything it changed everything when we came to Christ. And one day, we're going to go reconnect with him in heaven. Even the worship starts to form us and encourage our soul and teach us. Wow, there's more to it than just my regular day, there's more to it than the rigmarole of regular life corporate worship starts to just teach something to
 Very soul. And then and then we take an offering and that's an opportunity to give to the Lord. Like we just talked about and that teaches us man, we got a breakdown the idolatry of money and then and then when you hear the word and I know, I'm just a human and I'm going to screw this up an awful lot but God's word is God's word and it shapes your life.
 It shapes your life, Thy word. I have hidden in my heart that I might not sin against thee. That's a pretty good promise, right? Like it purifies. You it cleanses you. It makes you hold me. Talk a little bit about that tonight. Jesus said I am the vine. You are the branches remain in me. I remain in you view, our main in my word, you will bear much fruit. That's what he's talking about. God's word is so powerful. Its shapes. You it changes you at convicts you? I hope there are sermons that make you downright miserable.
 I hope there are Sundays when you come here and you leave feeling awful, because, you know, the Holy Spirit was working on you and you need to, you need to repent, and you need to change something and you need to reorient your life to be in line with scripture. I hope I offend you sometimes because Lord knows Jesus offended. A lot of people a lot of times
 And that's a good thing. I hope there are sermons that encourage you, I hope there are times when you hear God's word, and you're ready to charge the gates of hell, with a water pistol. Like, let's bring it on. I'm Goin In. I hope that happens some Sundays for you. I hope there's some days where your comforted where you're coming hurting, just going on hand. I just want to hear from guys. I hope you hear God's word and you hear something. Pulled out of the message where you're just, like, oh, I needed that today.
 And you just used to the Holy Spirit, I preach whatever preachers, whatever happens, it's the Holy Spirit speaking. I can't tell you how many Sundays I've preached a message and somebody's come up to me afterwards and said pastor. When you said that, that at the da man, I just needed to hear that. And I'm going I never said that.
 You're hearing things and hopefully you are because that's the Holy Spirit speaking into your life. People need that it's the word of God. You form the habit of corporate worship and the Habit starts to form you.
 This is how you serve the Lord choose today, whom you will serve, as, for me and my house, we will gather and worship and I will train my children in the patterns and rhythms of Sunday is worship day. And, and one day during the week, we do small group as a family. We are kids, don't quite participate in the Bible study. They run around like Hooligans making noise and distracting us from the Bible study, but we love them and that's part of it. And We Gather in our small group, I love my small group. I love my small group. I need my small guy.
 I didn't like it at first. No offense. For those of you who are in my small group, but I'm not like an extroverted person, an introverted person. So, a bunch of people in my home, that don't know. That's, that's like Terror number one, right? Like I who got over it, we gelled, I love my small group and I look forward to my small group every when I adore my smile and when I get a chance, I crash the Tuesday night, small group because I love that small group to that is an incredible group of folks.
 Everyone smile put my head on the Monday morning. Small grass, a great small group to prayer time. I love it.
 These habits form us, we form the Habit, The Habit forms eyes for, you know, what? You're serving the lord.
 Next prayer and meditation.
 Got five minutes. So I'm going to make this one short.
 Foundational. Christian Living Prayer and meditation.
 You go to the Lord in prayer.
 In Jesus's model prayer.
 Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name,
 There are so much in that prayer to teach us about prayer.
 God is in heaven. My prayer life reminds me that he's not a throne and that I'm on the Earth.
 Give us this day, our daily bread, that prayer, trains me that I need to be praying every single day.
 So I set up times in my life since we moved here, one of the things that the Lord convicted me of and put on my heart. When we first got here. When we first landed, we're just learning what George is all about, what greensboro's all about, what Wesley Chapel is all about. We decided we were going to try to set up new habits. We're going to try to form new habits because my self-discipline was lacking and I wanted to become a man of self discipline. So started waking up at about 4:00 4:30 every morning.
 Consistent with that. I still do that. I got up this morning. My back hurt. I got up anyways. Right. I walked on the treadmill for a mile even though my back hurt like crazy probably that's why it hurts because I'm not smart enough to let it rest. But but it's during my morning routine, I spend 15 every 15 minutes. I have an alarm set every 15 minutes of my morning routine. Last about two hours every 15 minutes. I pray, I pray for you guys. I pray for the church and pray for the community. I pray for my own self. I pray for my family, pray for whatever else. God leads on my heart. Every 15 minutes, I pray.
 Because I need to do it daily and I need to force myself into that Rhythm. If I don't, I'm in trouble. I'm in trouble. And I spent about 45 minutes or so listening to the word of God. A meditating on what the word of God, says every single day no days off, no breaks, no no quitsies every single day because I need daily. Bread, daily bread, not stale old yesterday, bread, not doughy, uncooked, tomorrow bread. I need daily bread every single day.
 And so I spend time in the word and spend time in prayer.
 We're to do this. You form this Habit. In this habit, forms you. I feel my life Keeling out steadying out evening out and of closeness and a calmness and a general sense of Peace. When things that would normally have just kind of sent me spiraling, come up,
 I laugh at it. Oh well, that's not a good thing, but, okay, we'll handle it. Why? Because I'm rooting my life into the Bedrock of scripture, in a new, kind of way, because I'm allowing a habit to, for me, I forced myself to form this habit and this habit forms, me. And this is what we are to do. If we want to serve the Lord, I gave you some foundational practices.
 Some foundational habits corporate worship. Come on, Sundays come to small group, make your life patterned in that rhythm of worship and and workplace worship and and Homeplace Worship in school. Make that your pattern
 Giving saying I'm going to give to the Lord but he commanded me to give and I'm going to give even though it's scary. I'm going to give because it's right for my own heart, my own soul.
 Make that a pattern. Make that a habit prayer and meditation. I'm going to listen to God's words that God can speak to me. And I'm going to pray back to God, whatever I feel like he's leading me to pray. Make that habit, make that a practice. Make that a foundation.
 What was the other one? I think there was another one.
 Do you remember Sabbath who got it?
 I'm gonna rest. I'm gonna remember how amazing God is once a week. Maybe that's Sunday for you and this is part of your Sabbath day.
 We're living in a world that is anti Sabbath. How many of you remember a time on a Sunday afternoon, you couldn't find a restaurant open?
 Our culture is pushing back against taking a Sabbath's rest. I can't do it on Sunday. I'm working right now, right? Like this is this is not my Sabbath. I try to take my Sabbath when my wife is 3. So now, it's now either going to be a Saturday or some Wednesdays and if we can't line it up where we get to take Sabbath together on a week. That's okay. I'll take a Sabbath on a Friday. Call me. Guess who's not answering his phone? This guy. It's an emergency call Julie.
 Call me and then I'll tell you it's probably not that much of an emergency Sabbath. Hang it up and we rest
 Because nothing depends on me. It all depends on God and he can take care of it and I can rest. That's a beautiful thing. So these habits
 are all designed to break down the strongholds of idolatry in your life.
 So when Joshua stands before, the people and says choose today, whom you will serve. He's saying, are you going to get into the habit of idol worship or you're going to get into the habit of Yahweh worship?
 Are you going to build into your life, the patterns and The rhythms of obedience of prayer and meditation of giving and sacrificing and living generously? And and worshipping, are you going to build those habits in your life?
 Or you're going to get into the habit of idol worship and I'm out of time and I have a lot of time to talk about what habits of idol worship. Look like there's another half to this. We might get to it someday. Who knows? Behold the habits, build the habits. Change your life. Pretty amazing.
 I'm going to pray and then I want to reiterate one of the announcements for today. So let's let's pray. Father, you are good.
 You Are Holy, you are worthy of my devotion. You're worthy of my praise. In my adoration, you are worthy of me. Patterning my life to fit The rhythms of your kingdom. May my life be foundational on you in my habits. Reflect a man after your own heart.
 May that be true of our congregation Jesus Christ. May we be a people who have shaped our lives to you rather than trying to fit you into a life. We've already shaped. We love you so much useless Christ. Did you form us? Help us to make habits that shape Us in Jesus name. We all pray.
 Amen.
 Next Sunday, we're doing a membership class after church, if you're interested in membership, we have a few people that have shown interest in that. So this Sunday after church youth, quick youth meeting informational meeting for teenagers that want to go on the mission trip this summer. We're just going to answer a few questions and give a little rundown and what it's going to look like tonight.
 At mr. Lindsay's mother's house Marie Marie Lindsay's. We're going to be doing mobile church. That's I think it's right across the street from you guys, right? So if you know where Tom and need a live, you know, where Marie Lindsay lives. So it's right in that neighborhood, you'll see the sign out front. So we're going to gather for worship at six o'clock and I got to say, I got to say something here. And I want to give kudos to a few people. When we do these kind of events, for example, the
 And Wesley Chapel Band. We go on play. Sometimes Friday night. I saw two of our people doing something. So incredible. I just want to brag about it.
 You guys invited friends that you hadn't seen for like 30 or 40 years to come out and you shared about our church and you had great conversations about Christ. I'm sure that was read it into their somehow or made its way in. And and I saw a Rosa at the bar that was awesome. I look up and Roses just chatting it up with this couple that I assumed she's known for about 50 years. And I wanted to go over and meet her friends, and she had just met them that night.
 And she was telling him all about our church and how great it is. And that's why we're doing this. We're trying to put our church into the community. So any time we're doing this kind of community events like mobile church, tonight, we don't want to just go and make a lot of noise and preach a message at at some people that have gathered. We want to make sure that we show up as a church and we engage with people and we shake some hands and we say hi, I'm from Wesley Chapel, you want to know more about Christ, you want to know more about our church, want to know more about how you could be disciple because we want to see the real transformation.
 Open and real relationships and real connections happen. And I saw that happening Friday night and I was so delighted with what I saw. When we got to keep that kind of thing going, which is what I'm hoping to see tonight. So, come on out, come on out. I'm going to preach a whole new message. You're gonna be great. You're gonna love it. And, and, and, and talked to some neighbors that might show up. Hopefully, show up. It's your job to make sure they show up. So if they don't show up that's on you, but but connect with our community, that's what we're trying to do, but the church in the community. So,
 I love you. You are dismissed.
