How are you doing today?
 Good. We get to Worship in 14 seconds. You guys excited.
 Oh, now it's 10 seconds away.
 Ready.
 Pretty will try one more time, two, three, four, I stand up. Let's worship together.
 This is amazing, grace. This is
 For me.
 You think?
 Where is the king?
 For me.
 And they'll know.
 And and they'll know.
 Well, you guys can have a seat and we have some announcements. You sat down, you said down too fast.
 Good morning everyone. Welcome to Wesley Chapel hope everyone's feeling well this morning couple of announcements and the first of all everybody know that yesterday was bucks birthday. Yeah heard from him this morning he was doing really well we still on happy birthday and hopefully many many more.
 Also, the mobile Church, you know, y'all haven't been to one yet. That's what you need to go to these mobile churches are getting around heard a lot, lot, lot from this out in the community. And that's what we need to do. We need to get that out in the community, will be at mr. And mrs. Humans house and Union Point I think that preacher has the directions to it.
 Mistaken and I went by it Friday, I believe not sure. But I think I did the church conference will be the 23rd right after church. Also, the nice band here has been playing most Friday nights. If you have not heard them need to come out and listen to these guys. They are really, really, really good. I know, I brag on them a lot but they are good and we will be
 At the grill, this Friday night, and we will alternate between the grill and The Pickle Barrel's, all right? Yeah. A couple of weeks ago,
 I will TVs dead.
 Let's go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Father, you are, you are so good. I'm just saying, what a friend we have in you. It's remarkable that we could even be considered your servants, let alone your friends, and you call us family, Jesus, through your blood, through your sacrifice, through your death. On the cross were ushered into your family, were welcomed into your home and we get to be yours.
 And it is such an honor and we celebrate that this morning. We worship you this morning, thinking about how good you are, how good you've been to us, how good you've been to each individual in this room?
 Father, we pray for every single burden, carried in here. This morning, I'd, you know it, you know, every single care, every concern, every burden that people brought in with them this morning, I pray that you answer those prayers. You comfort those hurting you heal those broken. You, you free. Those who have been captive. Father, I pray that you do what you do.
 ushering in the Kingdom to the presence of those here and those connecting with us on the internet, father, pray that the
 Just your incredible presence is felt and lives are changed and people are discipled and get to know you better. Father, we pray for our community as we go out into the community tonight and do mobile church and pray. That will be impactful. That will see, people come to know you, that don't know you yet that will see people make decisions to accept you. I pray that our church will show the love of Christ in such a clear and evident way that it will be life-changing for
 Only ask, but for those out in the community, we love you so much. Father, we believe you want to use this church to do incredible things as we get closer to, or we get to hear from your servant Josh and his new message that he's prepared that you've laid on his heart. I pray that you'll bless his words. We don't want to hear from an individual. We want to hear directly from you.
 We believe your word is powerful and we believe that you're going to carry it through him this morning. And so we're eager to listen to this message. We love you so much Jesus Christ. We pray for your continued presence and continued power. It's in Jesus name all God's people said
 Okay, if we can have the ushers come forward, we're going to continue to worship through the receiving of tithes and offerings. This is the opportunity in the service, we get to just honor God and show him that we are committed to him and that we trust him with our finances. So he give 10% and more to our to our Lord and savior through the giving of tithes and offerings. I'm going to ask if you'd like to pray for us.
 I tasted and seen of the sweetest of where my heart becomes.
 And my shame is undone.
 Your?
 Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware that
 Holy Spirit. You are welcome here. Come flood.
 Place and filthy your what our hearts long for to be your brain.
 How's it going? Well, my friend.
 This is definitely the part where you come up. Yeah.
 This is an exciting moment. I'm gonna pray with you before we launch you off into this, okay?
 CeCe. This is this is my perspective. Every single Sunday. Nobody sits in the front three rows because I think I don't know if they are spit when I talk halitosis.
 Bad breath. And all right, well, I'm going to pray for you father. Thank you so much for Josh's willingness to take a. Take a big step forward in his faith and his exploring. What it is. You've designed him to do it. Pray that you will bless his efforts as we have already prayed. Father, nobody in this room wants to hear from him. They want to hear from you. And we believe it's your word and you're going to be speaking through him today. So we're anticipating a movement of the spirit this morning, we're anticipating
 Painting. Something that will be transformational for everyone in this room because your word has the power to transform lives and we believe in that father. I pray that you will keep any nerves, calm any, any any of the strangeness of public speaking. And just get that out of the way and use him in a mighty way expecting that now. And going forward. We love you so much. Jesus Christ. Amen.
 It's hot.
 Hey, y'all.
 What if I I get up here in completely bombed the sermon.
 It would have done. Y'all come back again though.
 What if I trip over these chords up here?
 Even worse. What if I trip and fall on Colton's? Most prized possession, get to our and busting of thousands punished what if when I leave here?
 Her.
 What if when I leave here and we all go get lunch and I have my mouth settle. My number three, from Zaxby's, I wanted to get it back to find us a bite taken out of it. What if I'm so steamed about him? So hot about it, I have to get my truck and drive in a desolate. Dirt, road and Robinson where there's no cell phone service.
 in order to cool my head only to run out of gas,
 What if it's more than just a tank of gas? What's the transmission?
 What if it's a crack piston then what would happen if my girlfriend leaves me after she realized what kind of doofus I really am.
 What if I get my all my mind, my body and my soul at work, only to be. Let go because of budget cuts.
 What if my upcoming doctor's appointment? This week doesn't go as I plan to take?
 What if the rash is gone, Colton comes out to be cancerous.
 What if I lose everything that I hold? Dear and love.
 What if I'm alone? What if I die a lonely old man just sad?
 Yeah, no, it's good. As I do covid-19 is produced high levels of Stress and Anxiety, this last couple years, more than anything. That I think I know of in my lifetime as I can physically. See, and remember hearing.
 But I sure y'all these anxieties these feelings, these words dread and fear that we are all the sphere. The last two years you know of going to the grocery store simplest that has these families have not new. They're not new. They've been around for a long time.
 They've been around for a really long time.
 I want to go to scripture to Matthew 6:25 through 34.
 Therefore, I tell you do not worry about your life. That sounds pretty simple doesn't.
 What will you eat or drink or about your body? What you will wear?
 Is life not more than food and the body more than clothes.
 Look at the birds in the air. Do they not sow nor reap or store away in Barns and yet your heavenly father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they can anyone of You by worrying at a single IRT life?
 I promise you, we can reduce our life by worry. And why do we worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow? They do not labor or spin yet? I tell you that these even and Solomon, and all of his Splendor was dressed like one of these flowers.
 Is that how God clothes the grass of the field which is here today gone tomorrow, throw it in the fire, it comes with the seasons. People actually cook with grass back then.
 Will he not much more clothe, You O ye of little faith?
 So, do not worry, saying, what shall we eat? Or what shall we drink? Or what shall we wear for pagans run after all these things and your heavenly father knows that you need them. But first seek his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be added unto you. Therefore, there's therefore again, therefore, do not worry about tomorrow for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own
 We are definitely living in a 40 of time.
 What if I don't have enough money? What if I'm what if my kids tuitions in paid? What if my mortgage in paid? What about the government? That's a big one. These days.
 What about my parents? What about my siblings?
 What about my health?
 We do indeed live in an Age of Anxiety.
 In the Greek language whirring xiety had the same meeting. It means having to decide just violated and distracted heart. It's basically like, you know, I mean we've all experienced it, you know, you when you, when you have your mindset, you know, you wake up, wake up with something on your mind, your subconscious makes you sleep with it all night. You wake up. That's the first thing on your mind when and then it you just eats at you all day long each you too.
 Point of you're just miserable, it will make you physically ill. It will make you not be able to perform it. Work make you just completely not holding.
 You also uncertain about today on something about something from the past.
 Definitely are uncertain about tomorrow and the days ahead. And again, these feelings of anxiety, are nothing new. Let's think back to Jesus time.
 The people that Jesus time were under a strict, vicious Roman rule, they were taxed to death.
 There are there Foods think about the feet that they're eating, then they their system of farming and harvesting.
 Had to been hatching then, so precise if a drought would come in.
 It will completely Wipe Out the crops. If if a flood come in, it will wipe out a cross. They had no means of storing a drought could wipe out your food, your neighbors food, your kids Foods until, you know, they were really looking for where their next meal is coming from.
 They were taxed very, very heavily.
 Think about this for a man was working in the field all day long.
 He could come home after from sunup to sundown work to his hungry, wife and hunger. Kids in sheer disappointment, because what he's been working for his fruit have been purposely given to the Romans taken by the Romans and suppression
 And Jesus saw this as a major problem, he saw the worries and anxieties of his people and thought enough to speak about in The Sermon, on the Mount, he's not speaking. This passage in a condemning voice been a desire to free you.
 Guy wants to strip away for the distracting you from this Kingdom, these distracting us, our worries and anxieties and fears. And I've always loved this part of The Sermon on the Mount. And to me, he seems like he's
 Speaking to the crowd and more like a, come on, y'all, you don't worry about this. You know, we if you believe you have a God in heaven and he will provide
 Kind of like, you know, this is that all you got because I got to worry about well in 2003 for me and my family worried really hit home.
 It was my mom's birthday, July 10th.
 She was inside making herself. A birthday cake and me and my nephew were playing the Xbox. I was home for summer in college. My dad, who work the night before he was outside, we'd eaten the weed, eater started Island. I looked out the window and my dad passed.
 very suddenly massive heart attack and
 the thinking back, what grief worry, how would Mama? Make this? How am I gonna make it? How was she working, you know, Daddy still being a his, he was only 60. He was still a rider and we were just worried. How would we not only how would we? She has all not only mentally get past this, but physically with our worries, whether that's their needs and everything like that.
 But I promise you were in, won't make a difference on things outside of your control. That's God's territory, I'm not saying to quit your job or or not study for exams. No, sir. These are critical thinking times and have no time for lingering anxiety. They come and they go
 I mean, God expects us to experience some anxiety, such as that.
 If I saw a snake come up, a new pastor Scotch foot.
 I would probably laugh first. But then I would say, hey man, get out of the way, but I would feel anxious right there for that one. Second, you know, worried about is going to buy.
 But it was be a passing anxious anxiety.
 I love in the scripture had Jesus illustrates nature, how you refers to Nature and he appeals to the birds of the air. They don't plant, they have no equipment to form a harvest.
 Yet God feeds him. Now all God's creatures automatically submit his Rule and it's the most natural thing you'll ever see, think about that. Like, I see a mama bird with her babies when it's raining. She'll do a wing over. I mean that's god-given since to take care of her babies.
 I definitely think we should take notes from these Jesus speaks about wearing the clothing, he speaks of the Lilies of the Field. And they have such a splendor that even Solomon, the richest man, the Old Testament can never equal to you.
 He closed the grass which comes in seasons. And as I mentioned swallow ago, they actually used to cook with gas.
 he will most certainly clothe you his children if he close that grass
 Are we to live with frustration? Exhaustion? See and worry. Absolutely not. If that's the case, God must have a plan to answer and subtle a heart, no matter what our situation arises settle these armies these anxieties God if God if we're in this part of the State of Mind, God's going to bring us out of it. Now he has a plan of doing that.
 What we're talking about that plan about is, is seeking his kingdom. The kingdom of God, singing and making your first priority,
 Now, what is the kingdom of God when I think of a kingdom? I think of a castle. And King, you know, Mighty crown and servants people in the field horses. All that good job. But
 They're all have one thing in common. They were obedient to the king. They serve under him, they obey his rule. They obey his laws. Now is God Almighty. Not the king of all Kings.
 We are to be service to him. We're to seeking first as in verse 33, but seek him and his kingdom first, and these will be added unto you.
 Think of it this way, if someone from another country wants to become a citizen of the United States?
 They have to go through a steel to change the steps and changes and checks and balances, I guess you want to say. They have to embrace our constitution.
 Fast learner speak English.
 And they have to abide by our laws and our governance. They have to make a complete change from the laws that was in Mexico or Canada wherever you want to add in the blank from there to there. I mean, if they have a law there that doesn't suit our law here, they have to adjust our law.
 Citizen of the Kingdom.
 They had to run the scripture, we have to learn to cycle one another. We have to believe in the live, by the words written in red. We have to pick up our cross and follow those merciful Footprints to Calvary.
 All the Necessities that the unbelievers or the Bible says, Gentiles, or pagans Strife or will never be added unless you make his kingdom first.
 Now this doesn't work for a non-believer or someone who makes who takes pride in thinking. I don't need God, I got this, you know, I'd God does not be to be to be in this situation. I have right here.
 Nothing can happen that almighty. God, God will give anyone the means to handle any situation that is brought right in front of their feet by knowing his son Jesus Christ.
 Now, he's not committed to provide the needs and Necessities if you live without, according to his will and obedience.
 You have to be a part and join that Kingdom.
 Jesus lays it out in front of us. In a beautiful scripture, we've spoken about a problem, we spoke about the solution
 And now we're going to dive into how to make it, look how your life will look once applied what Jesus said.
 Stop fighting him and submit to the kingdom. That's basically what you're saying is that just stop, stop fighting Tap Out, come be on my side.
 I started by giving up what if scenarios?
 Let's present and see what the opposite of these dreaded these anxious in these fearful feelings.
 Let me give you a word that describes it. Shalom.
 Can we all say shalom? Shalom? Thank you.
 All right. Shalom is peppered. Throughout the Old Testament.
 Shalom is defined as completeness welfare apiece, an Indescribable piece.
 I need peace where everything is in its place when everything is whole. Shalom is an awesome place to be in now. I mean, just everything's fine, you know, just nothing but filled with love nothing but no anxieties, no worries. I mean you're you're going to have that. But if you're living in shalom,
 A lot of golf you like water off a duck's back because you know you have a father that will help you walk through any situation.
 Do you have or ever experience alone?
 If there's trouble at work, is there still Salome in your heart?
 Do you have some at home? You have Stallone where you're sitting right now. Do you have so long with your kids, with your pants with your siblings? We all want and strive for social Omen that Jesus preached this message, because he wanted everyone to experience this. Shalom,
 I've often when I was writing this and and what I didn't write it, Jesus wrote it. But when I Was preparing this, I kept thinking of Paul
 Paul who had every right to say, why me?
 What, what have I done? Wrong God. He was cast out in the ocean, you know, drift with them on place to drift board but he wrote in Philippians 4, 4 through 7 sitting in the dark prison cell rejoice in the Lord. Again,
 Again, I say rejoice.
 Let your gentleness be known to all men. The Lord is at hand be anxious for nothing. Again, he says be anxious for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication with Thanksgiving, let your requests be made to be made known to God.
 Any the peace, which surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and Minds through Jesus Christ.
 If he can meet the needs of the birds and flowers, he can certainly meet our needs. His children.
 Now I really love for what he says and this kind of sums it up ye of little faith trust you trust trust in God. That means if I'm not trusting him, I'm not believing him.
 And I'm doubting him and I have major problems if I'm doubting. God, that's basically saying God. I know you're mighty, I know you're the creator of all things. I know you, you know, brought light into the snap of a finger, you know, you created all life but you can handle this, you can handle this, this problem is bigger than God me, what a proper thing to say, you know, that's the most powerful thing. Yes, that's absurd.
 God will allow you to get through anything. But only if you set your eyes on his kingdom first, y'all and trusting his son, Our Savior. Jesus Christ. Now, keep in mind, we don't serve an ignorant God when we pray and tell God, all the things that are bothering us on my heart's. All I worries, he's basically sitting there checking them off on a list. He already knows what you're saying before you say it.
 When we prayer, when we pray, we share our hearts with him.
 We're not giving him information that he doesn't already know. You may think we're all the same, you don't know my worries, my worries, if you knew the issue wouldn't be saying this, it's more complicated than you think.
 Ask you, is there anyone that God doesn't know? Is it any heart that he doesn't know? He counts the hair on our heads?
 Maybe not mine, but he knows our past. He knows I present. He knows our future. He knows our next step before we take it.
 He has every one of our numbers show.
 Trust me, that being the case. If you think about it, why should we worry about anything? Why should we Fred of anything? It seems very silly if he knows our next step, if he knows our heart, if he knows.
 Where we going? Give it over to him. Give his wheels going to his will to God. Here it is. Whatever Direction you want me to go with this. I give it to you.
 He's an awesome. God, you need to face and you need to trust in Jesus in order to make this work.
 If you have a moment of anxious, let it roll off your back.
 God's got us, we serve an amazing and all-knowing God like I said let those anxieties come let them leave.
 If it's too big to, if it's too big to comprehend God's already. God is too big for our minds to conceive. It's not a critical thinking it's a god-given.
 Test.
 Everyone in the world wants shalom. Shalom of almighty. God. Protects us holds us and Comforts us.
 When we experience this, Shalom y'all.
 Which I did personally and 2020.
 Several years back, I went through what most people would dread to go through. I went through a divorce uncertainties goal or where you know how am I gonna make this work with a single income house?
 How am I going to do this? Parenting thing, you know by myself you know for the most part and how am I going to be okay? And also be okay, enough to let my kids think that I'm okay, I've struggled with it. I made it happen. But I every day for about three years, I woke up with a heavy heart. I was did not have peace.
 I was paying my bills, but I mean, he was, it's very undescribable. How the the burden was on my shoulder. You've heard the felt like I had a book bag full of concrete, blocks, carrying around with it everyday. And
 The last year, I hit my knees.
 So I'm going to hit my knees before this. I had been sick, the this whirring had given the kidney stones. I've had procedures with kidney stones. It's one thing had led to another. I fought with this spiritual warfare. I never let him win, but it was borderline. Yeah, I hit my knees last year. Only thing I can get out of my mouth was God. Help me God, help me and that's, that's, that's absolutely what he did. He Lifted Me Up.
 Put me up, I experienced Shalom that day and from that day on to this day Gods had everything in order.
 I try to handle it myself.
 I've always been a faithful man in the Lord, but I try to handle it myself. I was too stubborn. I was in that place where I didn't say, God could not handle this. But I was prideful man. And I do not want to think that I could not handle this by myself, by any means necessary. I got this
 I didn't work, I hit my knees and he's Lifting me since then he's been an awesome God, he was an awesome guy before, he will be an awesome God after
 Now, what if my doctor's appointment doesn't go as planned?
 God already knows who results how the doctor will handle it and how the outcome will be trusting him. Y'all, I trust you.
 He is our Mighty father.
 He knows what's best and he would never lead you astray. He trusted he will. He will get you through every situation then it's your fault. I mean it this appearance of Shalom is like a hug from you, your mom, your grandma just feel calm.
 We can the knees. It's just the most beautiful thing. You vary The Spence. I hope you all experience. It, let go of it. God, give it to him. Trust him, join his seek his kingdom first and everything will be added unto. You are shooting.
 Heavenly Father.
 we come before you today, loaded loaded with heavy hearts loaded with worries, loaded with anxieties
 from health.
 To relationships to kids to work.
 We pray that we will lose our pride.
 Realize how wonderful. Great God. You are such a great one. Forgive her father provider.
 A protector. It's their God. You willing to jump and help us on the way we have to do is admit to it.
 We have to see key first and all of these will be added to us as you please touch every person that's in here. Every person that hears this as you please continue to bless us as you always will because we are your children, you are Mighty. Father, we thank you again God for this day. It's beautiful day. Let us all rejoice in it and rejoice always. Amen.
 I saw all the lies. I Saw The Light No More. Darkness is no more night now. I'm so happy. No sorrow. It's time to praise the Lord.
 Son alive, I want so aimlessly like to deal with sin. I wouldn't let my dear savior in and just came like a stranger in the Night Break Lord, I Saw the Light
 I saw the light and darkness in the morning. Now I'm so happiness. Our oversight. Praise the Lord.
 Just like a blind man. I wandered along where is and fears that I clean for my own. Then like, by man, who got, get back inside. Praise the Lord. I Saw The Light, I saw the light. I saw the light, I know more and darkness in the morning. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow.
 Praise the Lord. I saw me. I Was a Fool to wander. Astray straight is the gate and narrow the way. Now, I have traded the wrong for the right. Praise the Lord, I Saw the Light
 I saw that. I had, I Saw The Light No More darkness and no more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow. We sign praise the Lord. I Saw the Light
 Some glad morning when this life is over around fly away to a home on God's Celestial Shore I'll fly away fly away. Oh Glory. I'll Fly Away in the morning when I die. Hallelujah by and by
 When the Shadows of the 5 have grown Fly Away.
 Like a bird from Brisbane. Martin's won't fly away. Fly away. We'll go real Fly Away morning. When I die, Hallelujah, by. And by, I'll Fly Away.
 Just of the war where days and in a wild way to ruin where George never in. I'll fly away fly away, fly away in the morning, when I die. Hallelujah, by and by
 Are you will go free? I fly away in the morning when I die, Hallelujah by. And by, I'll Fly Away.
 Well hey Josh, that was excellent. You did.
 You did so well, I feel like I can quit. Now is the pastor and you can just
 we're expecting to see a lot more from you in that arena in the future. So like to remind you tonight at six o'clock at the humans house. You can see Jonathan human and carry human and even Noah, raise your hand. No. And we got Lucas and Mary Alice. We're going to be at their house tonight at six o'clock to do mobile church. So come we are trying to connect with the community so if you see anybody in between your house and their house stop.
 Invite them to come or just, you know, push them into your car and kidnap them. However we got to give people, the church will do it but we want to make sure that we're engaging with everybody. That's not familiar to us and as a church we show the love of Christ in the community so that's going to be real exciting tonight and well I just come here come back up here.
 Wesley Chapel join me in prayer here, would you? This is serious. Father, we recognize an anointing On this man's life. We recognize you're doing, work in his heart and his soul and you are using him. Holy Spirit. We sense it, we see it, we recognize it. And in Jesus name, we claim it and we support it. We thank you so much that you're doing something so cool in this man, and we believe that there are things to come that would terrify him. Should he know what?
 Our right now. Father we pray that you would just keep working in him. We are grateful that we are a body that you have equipped so many of us to do so many different things in this body. And we don't lift up one above the other, but we just celebrate it. When we find it, you're doing great things and we trust you. Jesus Christ is in your name, we pray. Amen. So I want to pray for you again. Yeah, the best. All right.
 Okay, well, I got 1156. So we are going to break four minutes early. You get to beat the Baptist to the restaurant. Ready, set, go. You are dismissed, we love you.
