when all of a sudden,
Sometimes.
 A tree bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy. When all of a sudden I am unaware of
 Beautiful. You are and how great your affections are for me. And
 Drawn to Redemption by the grace in his eyes. If Grace is an ocean, we're all sinking. So Heaven meets earth like an unforeseen kiss and my heart turns violently when I think
 About the word. Yes.
 Okay. Yeah, you guys can have a seat, sit down, relax a little bit. We're going to have some announcements. Give you a little heads up. There is a lot of stuff happening at Wesley Chapel Church in the coming couple of days and weeks and
 We just want to keep it straight, want to make sure that we're communicating and then everybody knows what's going on.
 He's real tall.
 Good wish, you know party. But to tomorrow night, I have a strategy meeting at the parsonage. Six o'clock and food will be provided. Tuesday night will be small groups at 6:30, Wednesday night, small groups, it's seven o'clock also Friday at the grill. The famous Wesley, Chapel Band, and they're starting to get around.
 One of these days we're going to see them having to go out of state for a while. But Sunday informational meeting after church to discuss the Youth mission trip. You have a chili just directly at the church, right? Yeah. Okay, next time. Alright next, Sunday night. Mobile church will be at Murray Lindsay's house if you need directions to get there. Just so see, mr. Josh or the preacher either one
 Be glad to tell you how to get there. Also, May 23rd is local church conference day, okay? Alright, thank y'all.
 For what?
 Won't they?
 Eggs are eggs or something.
 Okay, we're gonna aren't you? Glad we serve a God, we can worship with joy and just as we are, are we don't have to put on a mask. We don't have to fake anything. We don't have to show up and act. A certain way we can to just come as we are and lift him up. I am so glad that our God meets us where we are. He is great. Amen.
 Men jumping up and down. If you need to let go of him and let him jump up and down, no one's going to judge. You is to let it happen. It's all right. This morning. Okay. Yes, sir.
 You join me in a word of prayer. Father, you are good and has we just sang. Each one of us. We commit to picking up the cross.
 And dying to ourselves clinging to that death, knowing that you are the one who died for us. So we lay to rest our old self, We Lay to rest our pride, We Lay to rest our own Ambitions, our own desires our own selfishness, all of our Idols will lay them down before you. Can we just say, we're going to carry the cross as you commanded us and we're going to follow you with our whole heart completely devoted all in Jesus Christ. May that be true of every single individual in this
 Room in a new and radical way. Evermore. Father, you are so good. You are worthy of following, you are worthy of self-sacrifice, you are worthy of us, putting our whole selves on an altar before you. So made that be true. Father. We pray for all the concerns, all of the, the issues, all of the fears anxieties everything that's going on in this room, father, you know, every individual heart, you know, every individual mind, you know, every individual need every burden, every hurt, every Joy. So we put it all before.
 Or you just asking you to be the god that meets needs to be the god that comes beside us in our pain to be the guy that shows up in the joy and making life. Real father, that's what you do. Father, we pray for our community, we pray for the Lost out there car. There are people that don't know, you were on a track towards an eternity. Without you in hell lost forever. We pray that that you will send workers into the Harvest field Lord, may it be us. Amen. And amen.
 Father, we pray for our community. We pray that you heal. Some of the Brokenness of our town of our community of our friends, our neighbors, our relatives father. All of the issues with Brokenness and families Brokenness with drug addictions, Brokenness with, with impropriety and workspaces father, we pray against all the evil in this community around us. We pray against the evil in our state. We play against the evil in our country. We pray that you will build your kingdom right here in.
 This church right here in this city right here, in this county father, we pray that you will show up in a mighty way and Potter use us any way. You see, fit to make that end, come to pass, we want to see a real transform through the power of your Holy Spirit and we believe it can happen, we believe it will happen because we are going to continue to beg you until it does happen. Father, we love you so much.
 Amen. Amen. So could have the ushers come forward. We're going to continue to worship through the giving of our tithes and offerings. This is the part of the service. That should be the most Joy filled. This is where we get to say, to our father. We're getting back to you were trusting you. This is also the part of the service where we say, we believe that God has called our church to accomplish great things. And that requires a lot of resources. So we put our resources together and we go on a mission together to accomplish great things. When you put money in that offering plate, you have funding.
 The mission, you're making things possible. Like mobile Church, you're making things possible like Outreach strategies. You're making things possible like corporate worship as We Gather here. In turn the lights on in the morning. You're making that possible. So I thank you for generosity. I'm going to ask if trying to play over the offering and we will collect.
 Amen.
 A little while the the sermon is going to conclude. And we're going to bring our friend buck up here and I'm going to give everyone an opportunity that would like an opportunity to say something publicly about Buck. You can stand up and shout it from the pews. If you want, you can come up on stage and use the microphone if you want. But just want to just want to give you an opportunity. So I'll give you some time to think about that if there's anything you'd like to say to him publicly will do that at the end of the service.
 Also as was already announced, I just want to reiterate a few things from the announcements tonight. Going away party for buck a six o'clock at my house. My life that I'll provide food. Just come celebrate bucks, time here, say goodbye, bon voyage asking questions about the future tomorrow night at my house. Same time, six o'clock, I'm inviting, anybody that wants to participate in this, we're doing an Outreach strategy session. We're thinking of different ways,
 Can reach people in our community. We had one of these, a little while ago and it changed the course of our church. It was really impactful. We really started doing the the Wesley Chapel Band. After that, we started going out and playing shows. After that meeting, we started mobile church after that. We start doing that, we committed to a few different Community engagements like the butterfly thing. The butterfly garden that we went and served at. So these Outreach meeting gives us some teeth. You know, we can sink into the community with, you know what I mean? It gets us gives us an opportunity to think strategically
 Lee, how are we going to be effective? How we're going to reach new people for Christ? How we going to go about it? So if you're interested in that kind of stuff, you like to be tactical, you like to think strategy come to my house tomorrow night at six o'clock, be part of that conversation. We welcome any voice in the room. Those are the two. The two big ones.
 Couple days ago, I was in the car with my kids and from the back seat, I think it was re are is right here. Re wave. Hi re re just speaks up and she goes Dad. Yeah, she goes.
 Tiger sharks. Can't play the guitar.
 And they can't do stand-up comedy. And they can't make toast.
 She's right.
 She said bull sharks, can't go parachuting.
 And they can't kick box.
 Also true.
 It just struck me as bizarre like just these random facts about sharks that were very accurate.
 Who do you think?
 There are a lot of people.
 That are experts in what we're not capable of.
 It is really easy to be good at what you're not capable of, right? Like to be good at predicting, what? You're not capable of.
 I'm probably not capable of joining the NBA and becoming one of the highest-paid players in the league. Probably one step past my capability.
 Just one step, just a little one.
 Yeah, probably not capable of running for president of the United States. Have no desire. I don't think I could do that. Even if I wanted to I'm probably not capable of them.
 oh,
 I don't know, solving some Grand math equation and we have really good at math because I'm not
 I'm by Nature a dreamer though, right? Like it's just, it's just deep in my soul. I am always daydreaming. I'm always thinking of things that are possible. We need that that's important. Sometimes I overstep. I overstretch II saw you too far. I go, I go too much and my last church, I stood in front of the congregation and I said I'm sick and tired of thinking about how we're going to reach the next 10 people.
 Christ. I want to have a conversation about how we're going to reach the next 10,000 people for Christ. And everybody looked at me like who, he's dreaming. Big and you know what? We didn't even reach the next 10 people for Christ because it will be on our capability at the time. Well, I'm that kind of guy. I don't even I'm not going to apologize for that. I feel like every time you get up to bat swing for the fence, right? Like how many of you agree with me on this?
 Yes, goal and try Goldberg trihard, go go and I go nuts. That's, that's just in our nature. I love it. So, so this story, this is the way today. It excites me. It strikes, a chord inside my soul and I hope it gets you excited to. That's what this message is all about today. It's about, it's about keeping that dream out getting that, that that, that I didn't think it was possible. I didn't think I was capable. I didn't think I had it in me to the surface and to go
 Wow. Maybe that's all I want you to leave today, going, who knows? Maybe I want you to have this kind of Hope leave with this expectation, this excitement. So so here is the story. As soon as Jesus heard the news. He left in a boat to remote area to be alone. But the crowds heard that he was heading and followed on foot from many towns. Jesus saw the huge crowds as he stepped from the
 boat and he had compassion on them and healed their sick. That evening the disciples came to him and said, this is a remote place and it's already getting late. Send the crowds away, so they can go to The Villages and buy food for themselves. Jesus said that isn't necessary you feed them.
 But we only have five loaves of bread and two fish.
 They answered, I'll bring them here. He said.
 Then he told the people sit down on the grass and Jesus Took Five Loaves and two fish looked up towards heaven and blessed them. Then breaking the Loaves and pieces. He gave them the breaking of the bread to the disciples to distribute to them, to the people, they all ate as much as they wanted. And afterwards, the disciples picked up twelve baskets full of leftovers about five thousand men were fed that day in addition to all the women and children.
 I love this story. I love this story because it is like a, just a tiny little, snapshot of this beautiful moment of that's not possible, and Jesus go and it's totally possible and then they're gone, I'm not sure if possible and the Jews. Like, boom, it just happened. It's just like this. One of them would use like I have a dream where all these people will be fed. And the disciples are like that too dumb dream, you should send them away. If they want to be fed because they're going to go by punchy's and now you do it, you will really make it happen that the real
 We can feed them and it's gone. Okay. But maybe even a little bit, how do they feel bite bite? How are you gonna make it work? And Jesus makes it happen when I read stories like that, I think what else is possible. What else is possible? We don't need much because something incredible is possible with glitter and I get excited about that. You get excited about that.
 Good. I'm glad some of you we're excited. I'm excited. We can I get a lot of people in between us to get excited? Okay, we're gonna catch em, all. We're going to be in a form a little and those people behind you don't forget about them. We're going to get them all. Okay, so here's the thing, this story does not happen on its own, if you read the first sentence carefully at said, when Jesus heard the news,
 Whoa, what news?
 What news?
 John, the Baptist had just been beheaded.
 When Jesus heard the news, he got into a boat and try to head off to some secluded place.
 He heard the news that John the Baptist had just been beheaded. That changes the the the story a little bit doesn't it that sets the stage a little bit. But I feel like you can't even really capture that until you back up. Far enough to understand who John the Baptist is. So Jesus, before he was born an angel, came to Mary and said, you're going to be with child. The holy spirit is going to come upon you and it's going to be born of the spirit and can be Immaculate concise going to be an amazing thing. God,
 Going to live among his people. This is incredible. But before that even happened, an angel showed up to a man named Zechariah and said, you're going to have a son even in your old age. Your wife's going to give birth to someone, you're going to name him John, and he's going to go before the Messiah, and he's going to tell the world prepare yourselves for the coming of Jesus. He's going to make the road straight and you can make the path. Clear. He's going to get, everyone's heart ready to hear what the Messiah has to say it.
 Got one of the most important jobs in history.
 John had a big role to play, and it says, Elizabeth John's mother was actually Mary's cousin, so Jesus and John, the Baptist were second cousins. They would have grown up and known each other. They're about the same age. They would have been closed. They probably would have been really good friends. Both of their births were foretold by an Angel. It had so much in common, right? John starts his ministry.
 In the wilderness and people are going out to see him and large numbers, John would have been an absolute celebrity. Everybody would have been talking about John, the Baptist. Everybody would have been going to hear John the Baptist preached. Everybody would have been so curious about this crazy man wearing these bizarre clothes eating this bizarre food, living completely countercultural. Just an absolute Rebel out there but he's also speaking truth and people are drawn to him and he's looking at people like the King Herod. He's looking at power and authority.
 He structures and he's looking at people in charge and he's looking at very, very strong man. And he's saying what you're doing is wrong and you've got to change your life and he's speaking truth to power and that takes courage at takes conviction that takes character and John's got it. And he speaks truth to the wrong man at the wrong time.
 And that man Herod who hears him call out as Sin. So publicly says, I've had enough of this John fella and he takes John and he throws John into prison.
 John even appeals to Christ at one point.
 Aren't you the Messiah who was to come?
 John sitting in prison wondering, if Jesus is who he says, he is John sitting in prison going. I thought the Messiah would spoil us from the prisons.
 Jesus says, yeah, I am.
 But then answers him no more. We're not going to talk about your incarceration.
 In fact, that's where it's going to end for John. John is beheaded.
 Make it even deeper, some of Jesus disciples were actually John's disciples before they started following Jesus Christ. So, son of Jesus core team. His closest friends would have been John's closest friends, too.
 So when they heard the news, when John heard that, when the disciples heard the news, when Jesus heard the news, it would have hit like a ton of bricks, you've all lost people. You care about?
 You've all lost people. You care about? You know what it feels like to get that phone call or to hear that doctor say you've been in the room, maybe, you know what it's like, you know what? It's like, John would have been 30 32 years, old 33 years old, maybe
 Younger than me.
 And it wasn't just this. Okay. So, to sort of story of Jesus feeding the 5,000. It's an incredible Miracle when you get so excited about it, but but it starts, it starts a little bit before that Miracle takes place. You see. Jesus is teaching and one spot and his kind of camped out there and thousands of people are coming to hear him and to be healed by him and to learn his his parables in the winter, his teachings, and they're coming to understand him and
 Really popular and he's really on a high, right? Like he's exhausted anybody who's done Ministry or any kind of big public work like that, you know that it's exhausting. It's tiring after I preach on Sunday as I usually am about. Hmm, completely useless till 3:00 or 4:00 in the afternoon after I've taken a little bit of a nap, right? It's just exhausting, so you got to imagine, Jesus is tired. Just from the everyday. We're going to ruin of doing Ministry out in the wilderness out, in the open air and and he had just sent his 12 disciples.
 On a mission. He sent them off to buy to you. Go to that town, preach the gospel. You rid of that town, preach the gospel, you would have that town, you live in that town, you rid of that town and he sends his disciples out all over the area and says and that you do ministry and that you Healing The Sick, I want you giving sight to the Blind and are you casting out demons and I want you to preach the good news of the Gospel that going on. They're doing incredible things and they're coming back. They're coming back. If you ever done the mission trip, you know, that's exhausting, that's exhausting.
 You can live in the vacation and you thought as soon as you got home, I need a vacation. You know, you have feelings when you come in for a long trip and just like, why didn't I plan on not going back to work for three more days because I'm so tired. They come home from this trip and meet back up with Jesus. They're high from the the the win right there. Excited. That Jesus male demons with fluttering. Out of people, people are getting healed, people were getting sick.
 Hey, people are believing in the message. This was the most incredible trip I've taken but I imagine they like, and I'm tired. Holy smoke, there's a lot of need out there. Holy smokes, these people will suck the life out of you. If you let them I'm exhausted.
 All coming back together and their trips are all ending. In Jesus has these thousands and thousands of people with him. He gets that means like a bombshell. Oh, by the way,
 John your friend, the man who baptized you, your cousin, the one who, dedicated his life to making your ministry work. The one who took some of your disciples under his wing and trade them, how to be disciples first.
 John.
 He was just beheaded.
 You want to talk about? A can't do moment. Jesus looks at a crowd of 5,000 people and says feed them. If I were in his disciples crowd I would say, I can't because I'm too dang tired, and the other day.
 I want to go cry. I just lost my friend. I just watched John. He was an amazing, man.
 Eyes people, they don't care. They just want to see Americorps get healed. They don't
 So Jesus says come here fellas, it's getting this boat. Well, we'll go, we'll roll away, we'll take a break from all these people and they're rolling, and they're out floating around, but the Bible says the crowd. Figured it out. They had charted. The disciples course, they charted. Jesus course, and ran ahead on foot along the shore and got to A Jesus boat, was going to land in this secluded place.
 Great. Can you feel that they would have felt right now? Can you put yourself in their situation? They're like, oh good. I'm so tired. A weekend retreat, sounds like heaven. This is going to be so nice, just move Jesus. A couple of people I trust and like except for that guy Judas and I know but we just ask man, just as on the beach just taking a little picnic just just getting away from it all and and and
 They don't even know their boat on Shore and there's already a couple thousand people in from the boot. Jesus, Remember When you calmed the storm can you make one? Come back up? Jesus, maybe a current could get us. Maybe a fish. Could swallow me. I don't care. Can you just get me out of here? Jesus says. All right and the boat on Shore says he had compassion.
 The crowd. One of the Gospel says for, they were like sheep without a shepherd.
 He saw this group of people and he said I love him too much, I love him too much and that's our savior, that's the difference between him and me because honestly, Wesley Chapel, I get to exhausted, I don't care what you're going through. I'm probably going to be a lousy Pastor because I'm human, right? Like if I'm, if I'm too tired at, I'm going to cancel that event because I'm a stinker. And I care about myself, that's just selfish nature of me, but Jesus Christ, never will do that to you. Jesus Christ will never see.
 Crowd and turned his back. Jesus Christ will never allow exhaustion, or his own Humanity. His own hurt, his own pain, get in the way of showing you compassion and showing you love, Jesus, preaches, that boat on Shore and he says, I'm going to start teaching them. And I'm going to start healing their sick because I love these people and this is why I came
 And he just plowed through it, he just plowed through the pain plow through the hurt plowed through the exhaustion. Now, if you continue reading the story, and by the way, this story is recorded in all four gospels is the only Miracle that's actually recorded in all four of the gospels, that should wave a flag. This is an important one. This is a big deal Miracle. This is an exciting Miracle. We see right after this event. Jesus does push off again, and go get some actual
 Rest with his disciples. There's a rhythm to life. Work, rest work, rest work, rest.
 God's pattern for human life isn't when things get tough, quit. And it isn't when things get tough, you just keep working, working working working because that's a disaster recipe. God's rhythm in life is when things get tough, take a rest and then get back to it.
 When things get hard, it's okay to take a rest and then you don't quit. You keep going rest, not quit. That's the that's the, that's the key. Okay. So, so Jesus gets answers, teaching them. And now they are intentionally in a secluded Place intentionally far from civilization intentionally it with more. All the people would normally be
 But they're unintentionally surrounded by a crowd of several thousand people.
 And his disciples are watching Jesus teach and they're and they're listening to Jesus teaching and they're looking at the crowd and they're looking at their watches and are looking at the crowd and looking at Jesus and he's still going still teaching on shut up so these people can go home. Come on let's wrap this up. I've ever been listening to me, preach at like 12 or two and you're like Pastor it's 1202. So let's turn and then and then and then it might already you've ever gotten there.
 Because that's what's going through my head is about 1202, whenever I'm preaching. By the way, I'm going to shut up, Scott, shut up, Scott your overtime. You can imagine what that feeling at this time because Jesus has all these people in the middle of nowhere.
 And they're about to undergo a logistical nightmare.
 Hey Jesus. It's feeding time for the cattle and they're about to get real ornery unless we do something about it.
 People get cranky, don't they? What's the word hangry? When you're hungry and angry?
 Shut up.
 Okay.
 What after you for a loop? Um,
 We get we get there, it's just human nature and the disciples know this. I mean looking at this crowd, another can have their own little lunchboxes. Going many people, my food, I'm hungry too. You know like this was supposed to be my time off but hey what are these people doing here? And you look at his Jesus, send them away so they can go buy food in the nearby Villages. Yeah, it's 5:30 6 o'clock. It's going to take them a while to get there on foot. They're going to be
 So exhausted, they're going to need some food, just send them away. So you can, they don't turn on us. I don't get mob beaten because we don't have any food for them, because we LED them all out here. I don't want to be held responsible for this. Jesus says that's not necessary. He wants to do something big.
 You want to do something big and and the disciples? A pretty sure it is necessary. Yeah, you can sense the tension.
 Jesus. You feed them, you give them something to eat and in one of the Gospels it says that'll take like a couple years wager like 20 years wages to feed all these people like you really want to. I mean that will empty the account. We have to make the mortgage the building to do that. Really? How are we going to possibly feed all these people? That's insane. That's a big measure. What if I told you? We're going to pick up the food tab for all of Green County for the next six months.
 Wesley Chapel, we're going to do it. We're going to pay for everyone's food for the next thing. You'd look at me like, okay, okay. I didn't like doing the Pastoral search but I suppose we could do another one. It wasn't that hard. There's other good candidates out there.
 And I because that's crazy, right, who? And you never feel like such a waste to right? Okay. What happens to their field once they eat it?
 Some of you just got that.
 That's what you want to do, with all of our money right now. That's what you want to do. All the resources we have. You want to just
 Somebody just say flush, it is that he couldn't have. That could you have Jesus as you come something? They said, well, here's the deal. We've got these Five Loaves to fish,
 And one of the Gospel says, that's not even enough for everyone, have a single bite.
 We can't we can't do it just like, this is what you got there. What do you got there? What do you got to remind me of a story in the Old Testament? Does the guy named Moses? This is an incredible story. God's people are enslaved by the superpower of the world. At the time, the Egyptians were the strongest force, the strongest military force, the mightiest Nation, they had the biggest empire. They had the most amazing architecture, the Egyptians were it right powerful dynasties year after year, generation after generation, and that enslaved.
 Israelite people. And there are about 400,000 men that were enslaved and and I mean right now the United States probably most powerful Nation on the earth without a doubt, right? I we are the superpower of the world Egypt would have been the superpower of their time. Now imagine we have some great amazing abundance surplus of I don't know wheat or something and some other nations had you're going to have to give us that wheat. We'd say no you can't have it and we're going to come take it by force. I dare you to try
 Hi, because we're the United States. We will squash you like a bug. That's how that would go, right?
 God looks at Moses in says, go to Egypt and tell them let my people go.
 No. Is this because I can't. What do you think? This is going to be? Are you kidding me? God. And and he probably had a stutter, he's probably. Oh God. If I tell them what my people go, they're going to make fun of me. Yeah, and that asks him, what do you got there? Right in your hand? What do you got there? What do you got there? Moses. And Moses is like,
 I got a stick. Okay, we'll use your stick, we use your stick and man at one point. God stretch has Moses stretch out of staff and the Red Sea parts and the Israelites walk across on dry land and Egyptians father. And he stretches out and the Sea closes back in and kills the entire Egyptian Army. What do you got there? Moses stick. Okay.
 I can work with that, are you sure? This is the stick, it's a nice stick but it's a stick. I can work with that. I can, I can use that stick to defeat the Egyptian Army.
 Imagine holding a stick and God saying you can take on the Marine Corps with that stick.
 Are you sure with this stick got some Kappa disciples, what do you have? A few pieces of bread and a couple of fish? Oh, okay, I can work with that. God saying, I can work with that. If you'll put that in my hands, I can work with that.
 What do you have?
 Meager resources, I can work with that. What do you have? Just a little bit? I can work with that.
 If you're willing and faithful to put that in my hands, I can work with that. He divides the Loaves and Fishes and you know the story the rest is history, right? All the people are fed and all the people are satisfied, five thousand men plus women and children. They go home with full bellies.
 There's twelve basketfuls left over.
 Fitting right, God meets. All the needs of the people but takes care of his workers as well.
 Oh man, Wesley Chapel, we don't have much.
 We don't have much other, get our finances. What barely getting by, or keeping our head above water. We're paying the bills, but we can't afford to do a lot of the dreams that I have in my head, right? We can't afford to go after things, the way I want to go after them or not, they're financially. But, you know, something we as a church, put ourselves in God's hands and say, whatever we have is not ours. It is God's.
 You know, his responses.
 I can work with that, I can work with that. If we're willing to say, I'll put my time in God's hands, he can say, I'll work with that. I'll put my faith in God's hands. I'll put my resources in, God's hands, whatever it is, I'll put it in God's hands, he can work with that if you can take a couple days and a couple of fishes and feed 5,000 people, imagine what he can do here. If he can take a stick and beat down the world superpower with it, imagine that he can do here.
 Imagine what he can do with you. What are your Loaves and Fishes?
 What is God asking you to just put in his hands and trust him with it and say God can work with it?
 Because God's response is going to be I can work with that. If you just put it in my hands maybe God's calling you to do something and you're saying no, no I'm not a people person. I don't like dealing with that. I can't speak in front of people. I can't play in front of people. I can't share my faith with people if you want to save your life but I'll try, I'll give God whatever little Loaves and Fishes. I have God's going to look and say. I can work with that, and we're going to see people come to Christ for your work.
 I want a fun, great things, great products from the church to pay for this trip or that trips. I want to make sure that we can afford this Earth. Hold that and simple, but I only have a little bit. I don't know if I can afford to really do anything to make a big enough dent. I don't know if I can. I got something I can work with that.
 I can work with that.
 I'm saying I can't, I'm scared, I'm insecure, I'm not wealthy, I'm not educated, I'm not talented.
 Sinful.
 I'm not holy enough. I'm not good enough. I'm not godly enough, you know, something God is in the business of taking little itty-bitty bits and saying I can work with that. It's our job to put our lives on an altar before him and say, you can have what I got, and you can do anything you want with what I got.
 Man, sky's the limit. Sky is the limit.
 Your dream with me a little bit cut, kind of Julie for a little bit, right? We're doing something that's stupid. Simple as a church right now. Mobile Church, you got you this concept mobile church, right? Okay. God, we have a PA system. Now, that that's fairly mobile and we can go and we can preach in different places in different communities, and different houses and we can try to reach neighbors and we can try to make sure that we're including everybody who's been shut down for so long. We can we can do that.
 Think God is saying to our church. I can work with that. I can work with that and we're pretty church and neighborhoods. I told a handful of other pastors. What we're doing here at Wesley, Chapel with his mobile church, and they lit up, and they got so excited and their time, we're going to have to do to make that work in our church. But who knows what's going to happen? Who knows that's going to unfold from? I have no idea what this is gonna go, you know, that the district superintendents. He's probably gonna come
 Next one, our next mobile church because he wants to witness firsthand, what we're up to. We don't have hardly anything. Wesley Chapel. Our church is essentially broke. We've got dwindling numbers compared to you know, where they should be where he probably would have three years ago. Four years ago, five years ago, things are kind of turnaround. I'm no doubt about them, not worried about that at all, but when putting ourselves in God's hand and God is saying I can work with that.
 Get excited. I'm thrilled looking at the future because of stories like this Loaves and Fishes, I think we're in a season, we've got to ignore some exhaustion for a while. We got to push through some pain and some frustration and some some failure, maybe we've got to push through some bad ideas. We got to push through some stuff, we got to stick our shoulder to the plow, keep our nose to the grindstone, but I believe God saying, I can work with that. Wesley Chapel, I can work with that. I can do something. If you keep added. If you don't quit, if you keep moving. If you
 First we need to rest and then get back at it. I can work with that man. I am super excited. What's going on in your life?
 What are your moves and Fishes? Where are you just begging to have to say I can live with that if you put that on an altar before him.
 That's we also are getting this and our own personal lives and you get it corporately as a church, you guys sky's the limit. Who knows what God's capable of, who knows what we'll see, who knows what's going to happen. And how many thousands of people were going to see come to Christ as a result who knows?
 I will pray. Then we're going to switch gears, father.
 You have always been the God who makes the impossible possible. You've always been a God who takes very little and does very great things.
 I pray that you will keep doing your wonders.
 Father, would you give each and every one of us a sense that the possible and the impossible or just words in our minds?
 Everything you want to happen. Can happen. And that you can use this to accomplish things. We never even dreamed of Father, we believe in you that much. We believe in your spirits power. We believe you are a God who wants to work, we love you. Jesus Christ.
 Father, we pray your blessing on this church, and on each individual in this room, Jesus name we pray. Amen. If I could have my friend, mr. Buck Phillips. Come on up.
 Okay, I know this is gonna be awkward for buck cuz he doesn't like to be the center of attention but I don't care. We're doing it anyways.
 The floor is now open. I would love for anybody who would like to say anything to Buck about his time here, what he's meant to them. How you've I don't know, always been attracted to him but now whatever you need to say,
 All right.
 All right. Now,
 He is a young man. Okay. All right. How old are you books? 21, 21 years old. Alright, these young man is going overseas to another country. I mean amazing. Amazing, this young man.
 He'd been here for what?
 I'm up here and look at the people that has you know falling in love with this guy. You can't help it. This young man is just lovable blessing but he's going somewhere away to another land that they hardly speak English, whatever like that, but they're going to love him. Yeah, this group of people is going to love this guy and when he comes back he's probably gonna
 Married. No, but this young man, when he comes back, he's going to be a different person. He's still going to look the same, but he's going to be a different person because he's going to be grown. I mean he may be 22 years old when they actually him again. But you can't be grown. He's going to be a grown man and we started calling each other which cast in the Sundance Kid, okay? But when I saw him that instantly hit,
 Me. Okay, all right if you ever saw the movie Butch Cassidy, the Sundance Kid. All right, the two of them up on the cliff over the river. No one looks to the other one says, let's jump. They haven't said, I can't swim, it's it. Well, the fall alone will kill you, but all of a sudden both of them just grabbed each other and takes off the jumps.
 So I want you, when you go over there, take a little part of me with you buddy, okay? Because we're going to survive.
 We're glad you were tired and still get excited.
 Where you going?
 Ted, he's not very good at answering the questions about money because he's very modest. He would have only done all this fundraising before. He actually started working with us at Wesley Chapel, he was delayed from going to Zambia because of the pandemic, but what we are going to do, I put in offering plate out, we are going to put that out. If anybody wants to give two bucks Ministry to support him, going forward, just throw some money into that offering plate right there. Marked for buck very to Wesley Chapel, I'm going to let him
 Checks that we don't have to give them a bunch of different checks and all that to deal with. So if you want to pass it on, you wouldn't welcome to. But we want to make sure that we are supporting you financially that we're supporting you in prayer, and that you are on our on our hearts and Minds. As you go, you carry us with you. We love you.
 angry with you and when you come back to visit or come back to State, you know, you're going to come back to clear family
 like I'm yeah go ahead and the other
 Any other words?
 Okay, if I'm going to, I'm going to wrap it up now. But if anybody wants to say more, he's not leaving till tomorrow morning. So you can call them all hours of the night two or three in the morning, just give them a call. Just tell him how you feel. But seriously at six o'clock at my house, we are going to have a going away party. So come to the party and you can pull them aside then and say something to him but Brock Brock. As you get out of your not done yet. Come here. I'm wrapping it up but you got to stay.
 Here wrap with me, brother. I am. Okay. So a little little back story on Buck. I had the absolute honor and privilege of being his youth pastor. When he was a middle schooler a, he was actually shorter at one point in his life, he's like this. He's like, he's like he was, he was Chloe's age.
 Buck was close age when I met him and as his youth pastor every once in a while, you just get a kid that will come along and you just see so much potential in them and you see so much ability and you just see God's hand and God's anointing on their life and you think holy smokes, I want to put a tracker chip in this kid's ear and follow him for the rest of his life and see what God does with him. Just so I can be in all of God's amazing work and I've said that, I can't tell you how many times.
 About you that, I just want to track your movements through life, not in a creepy way, but his ability to absorb scripture and, and to memorize it, this kid, could quote, you wordperfect any verse in the Book of John in the Book of Luke and 1st or 2nd Corinthians. I remember what all books we actually memorized but this kid so much of the word of God in his heart and Bible says, the word of God is not return void and his hunger for
 Knowledge and understanding and ability to lead and serve his humility, his kid would do anything. You asked him to do for the sake of Christ, it came here. And as his pastor, we kind of had like a mentor-mentee relationship but it's almost been flipped on its head. A few times where Buck is the master and I'm the student so many times because he's so brilliant and so insightful and just understand scripture so well,
 and we love you think one last word of advice, just pastoral I care about you.
 When you're in Zambia, watch out for hippos.
 They're very aggressive. They have giant mouths there. Faster than they look, we come here. We're going to pray for you. Father. Would you guys join me in prayer?
 Your anointing is. So clearly on bucks life.
 Anybody who knows? Him has no doubt that you have amazing plans in store for Him. Father, we recognize that life is going to be a crucible at times, that there are going to be difficulties ahead, that there are going to be hard times to go through and hurts and pains to suffer. We pray, your grace, and your mercy, and your presence through all of those father, we recognize that they're going to be victories ahead, they're going to be winds, father, you're going to use him to accomplish things that he has new have it.
 Idea about, we pray for humility and joy during those times.
 Father, we pray for your protection, your hand on his life piece for his mother for her. We pray for it all.
 We love you. We thank you so much that we got to have this journey with buck for this season in our church and father may we recognize that as a church today we are not sending goodbye and losing a friend. We are launching a warrior to take ground for the kingdom and it's in Jesus name. We pray all these things. Amen. I love you buddy.
 Okay, you are dismissed.
