Now, the service will open, that will be at six above. I will be running the bus tonight. We run
Everything requires and everything, we really appreciate it and one other things I want to say, now, I told the boys last night to tell everybody, you know, Friday.
Everyone that's here, let the Holy Ghost have its way here in this place where most of all over we pray God that you would just if there's anybody here that don't know you or is it a personal savior? We ask you now what you just touch their heart that they give their heart to you before it's too late - now you know what, the singing or less the singers Lord and Lord. And we pray you just give brother.
 Brother. Kenny, I don't want this morning. It's that he's never had before that. He would be able to preach your word Lord, and Lord. You would fill our hearts or security with your wisdom going out of your way. Just thank you for all that. You do go with Jesus name, we pray.
 Southwest winds will go. Reservations.
 All right. Well y'all happy to be here. Praise the Lord, thank you. And we've got the, you have to work out all your technical difficulties. If you don't get them all worked out in a ruin the service. So we're trying to iron all them out right now. If we I think we're ready to roll though. Amen. And I'm glad to be set on a piece of property that I believe. I'm going to see a building owned by God's grace.
 Unless Jesus comes back and we'll leave it for the devil. He can have it any man, but us Christians to be flying high. We going to sell you a couple songs. We were going to put the words on the screen but we're having a little technical difficulty with that to work on that later. When I go let that hinder us but I'm glad one day, I'm going to fly away. You believe that they meant. I believe we're going to take Wings one day and angle B, angel's wings will supernaturally rise up off this planet. If we're still living, the Bible said for the law.
 And himself shall descend from heaven with a shout with a voice of the Archangel and the trumpet of God and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And somebody told me one time, they believe that was a Baptist Church going first because it says the dead will rise first, but we're not dead folks. Hey man, we're living folks. We got a living savior inside of it, and I'm glad to report to you. I don't have to worry about the terrain around me, when I gotta shave, you that'll help me navigate the tree.
 Can I get a witness? So thank God for that. We go singing. Y'all can't sing sitting down. I mean, you got to stand up a man, unless you can't stand. I want you to stand with us. Let's say I'll Fly Away.
 And I thank God for young preachers. It's got a burden to do something for the Lord. I say young, he's how old are you, 27? He's still a little young. He's a man. Now, look at that beard. He got man to help you grow a beard. Now, we my gets to grow and look at look a little scraggly, so I just trim it all down and I
 I look ugly on your face every now and then. But anyway, brother, Jonathan admissible, Rhonda. I have got two sets of twins. Y'all pray for them. They men if you ain't, you ain't never experienced two sets of twins that go stay with them or babysit for them to sweetly them, go on a date and then it'll break in curbing. Amen. But now they got some wonderful kids. I think God for the other. He's got a burden to do tent Ministry and God is dealing with his heart. He wants to reach people that are unreachable. I when I say
 I'm reachable that don't necessarily go into a dorm a church, but they'll come to attend because they don't feel threatened by building and God burdening him to do tip Ministry. Just take a minute. I'm kind of testifying taking the testimony but testify to them and then pray for us and open the service of evening.
 Well that Mike ain't working giving. Give me one of them. Otherwise pay any one of y'all are done.
 I can't get up in front of people.
 They had experience with the so-called Kris.
 I'll pray for you, everything is way. So we know if we try all the way and I'm work got to be his way or no way.
 There's this table over there right against brings Message Board. Land spark plugs have here and here open our hearts and ears for season 3 will go over to ask if there's any hair loss for those emails in their eyes and see if they need. You pork Everlasting too late to give you all the honor and glory and praise.
 and,
 There in that town. And we were trying to get it, put up and the winds were blowing 30 and 40 and 50 80s, you know? I hear they come out of nowhere and you here hairspray don't do you. No good, you might as well just let it. I want that this man right here, I'm going to still do what he does. It shape it down at worry about it, man, but she was sitting on the corner of the tent and the wind got up underneath because it was still on the ground. We speak to the stand, it got underneath it through that little girl about 10 or 12 foot in here. She did a couple of somersault.
 Came and fell on her back. And so the wind out here is unpredictable and if it gets a little rough wheel, just run to the cars defaults, y'all used to it rest us other, they all care, they meant. But anyway I'm just thankful that we have a place to meet and it does have a good spot to have a church. A man I'm so excited about coming back and seeing the ribbon-cutting ceremony and I hope that I'm here with the do it and I hope brother brother. Jimmy let me preach at least some time that
 You're probably so exciting will let nobody for each a man but we're thankful and this song now we're bringing a little Southern flavor your way. Okay. Y'all need to understand that. So don't judge you say, man, I got tired of the highbrow high brass music that puts you to sleep. So in our church, I try to keep them away. Amen. And we try to be sure the theology is right in the singing, but we try to make sure it's got a little bit of to it. Amen. And so I hope that
 Don't bother you a bit. We're going to try to help and Worship the Lord. This all you don't even have to stain because you probably won't know it. But it's called victory, is mine. And I'm glad to report to you victory. Is mine through Jesus. Can I get a witness y'all get with me? We start to warm up, pretty good today. Victory is mine through Jesus. Listen to this song. Why they're saying, it'll probably make you pass your foot tap, your wife over shoulder.
 Job.
 There have been times in my Christian walk when I wanted to quit and ask you a question. Is there anybody here that you've ever wanted to quit? Since you got say, raise your hand,
 Amen. Tell me what the secret is. They then cuz they've been times I wanted to just get out and fight and I wanted to get off the Merry-Go-Round and quit. And, but you know what I found out, I found out if you'll hang it there, as we say, in the South like a hair in a Biscuit. Hey man, everybody the biscuit had a hair in it. Boiling come out. You have to just hit like a shrink hang in there like a hair in a Biscuit. I promise you this. You're going to climb.
 This song is Bethany saying that they think you are.
 Baptists. And I believe God is fixing to do something in these last days that will be awesome. Amen, for every cross. There's a crown.
 It ought to 31 years of being shaved there. Been times when I felt like that cross was so heavy. I said, God, I can't go another mile. I cannot I hate toad it. Another half a mile and I want to pull it down. Being reminded me for every cross. You ever have to bear? Yeah, there's gonna be a crowd. That's right. They may have for every that you've had to go through where you had to suffer if you'll just hang in there, honey, I promise you.
 Where's the crab? I feel the good. Holy Ghost. Amen. Make for the side here, but I think it's a good way to christen this property. I know y'all got to meet here years ago but man it's good to have the presence of the Lord being with us in the Hayfield. Amen. We want to sing for every cross. There is a crown, they listen well, they should get 48 men.
 Now, they just seem to be in the way. We can't see Harry Potter.
 The greatest miracle.
 Can I get a witness? I got one with this out here. We love to eat. Amen. Well I'll tell you this, I'm glad this song that they're going to say is a song that I have seen God. Taking use all over this country. We started singing a song.
 Years ago when I was in Tennessee on staff at a church and I never got away from it, but they're times in my Christian Life when I get on my knees and I say he'll warn them.
 I can't tell him what's wrong because I don't even know what's wrong. All I can say is what I got to have help when you're broke down side the road. You don't know what to do. You say Lord, help my transmission gave out coming in off the road today or yesterday before. Sometimes we just put one in it. It came from a junkyard that tells you right there. Be careful by the transmission from a junkyard had to get on Miles was going to bite the bullet. Get one that's new.
 You put three or four out of a junkyard in there. You go have same amount of money anyway and now but with that being said, I got word this morning that somebody that I don't even know from California.
 They advised that the transmission. I hope y'all got that some of y'all still trying to catch up with the hair in a Biscuit tank. How do I still bother? You'll never eat a biscuit. Again without looking for here. I said somebody this morning I don't even know. Yeah.
 I ain't going back to the junkyard. Somebody find it. I'm going to get one that works. Amen. Hey, Gordon gone. So, let me tell you something. If you are question with you all to keep going forward with God, sometimes God Auto Show Faith, some people call it stupidity, I don't think I'd ever leave.
 Well when you got a call on your life you don't care. If it's blowing black, shut out the tailpipe, he going. And then this thing hit, again I wouldn't be here. Listen to those forces, but I'm glad I came and out dogs, don't reward my faith. And let me drive home with one that ships, like a Cadillac. Tell him to tell you, man. Another one about giving a wetland every time it shipped it out first here. And, but with that being said,
 I'm glad I can call me ask you this question before they say I'm getting a little carried away. I do I get carried away when I feel good. Hey man, when I feel God good, holy ghost on me, I say crazy thing. My wife always cringe is because you don't know what I'm gonna say next, but may I say this to you. The Lord knew what I'd say. He said, I forgive him. Anyway, he just so old cold, not from the south Georgia. I try to just give him a little gray saying, man, I bought. But how many of you have something in your
 Life. Now, you just need God to fix. You ain't got to tell me but just raise your hand.
 How many of you got some things in your life?
 You really don't even know how to pray.
 You want to pray about it but you don't know what to say. You don't know how to pray. Can I just tell you why they're singing a song? Maybe you just bow your head and say something like this. Help Lord. Yeah listen to the song I think it'll help your heart. Amen.
 This morning.
 Message that was on my heart. When I got up and sometimes I'm preaching things simply because I've been experiencing the last day or two, but I want to preach a thought this morning and I think will be a hell. I'm not listen, if you don't hang with me, I promise your daughter. Help you. I want to preach a thought this morning on out of Acts 16 on this fault, when Revival breaks out,
 Out, when Revival breaks out, I've been praying for this meeting brother, Jimmy, we're not here to blow the, a door-to-door, own horn, or Pat ourselves on the back. But my entire family, the older ones that he is all the way up from my son, Josiah, that was singing on the end through myself, fasted for this meeting
 Nobody planned. It kind of turned into a corporate fast, not just about this meeting. But about several meetings, we've got in some situations were praying about at home and and we were asking God and brother Jimmy I'm I listen, I'm getting too old to travel across the country just to breach of me. I got I got too much. I can be doing back home. There's too many other things that I could be doing.
 Instead of just saying I want out and North Dakota brings to me if I couldn't Northcote it's breaking me and I want to see God do something. I don't want to come out here at weights God's time the people's time and the Lord's money. I don't do it and I'm of the persuasion that there are some markers. That'll tell you revivals breaking out. There are some indicators. How can I say it that way? I'm trying to be Halal ethically. Correct cat?
 There are some indicators that will tell you Revival if break it out. And I believe that you're on the very Verge right here at Devils Lake and on the Spirit Lake, Indian Reservation of seeing Revival really break out. And I'm glad to be able to shake hands with a man of God and his precious wife and family and people that attend this church. I'm glad to know that I'm going to be able to say I was a part of seeing God do something that little Old Town.
 You may be at the throne room, brother. Jimmy we may not ever see it till we stand before him. But I'm looking forward to that myself. Look at Acts chapter number 16 and verse 1. This is dealing with the Apostle. Paul's missionary journey. It said then came he to derbe and lystra. And behold a certain disciple was their name, timotheus. The son of a certain woman which was a Jewish Jewish and believe
 But his father was a great deal. Plication here is Bobble was sold out serving God and daddy probably want to say that it didn't stop Timothy from saying to Paul. I'll go with you on your missionary journey. The first thing that I understand about seeing Revival, you've got to have some willing workers, you've got to have some Timothy's that'll come alongside when you say we need to hang the curtain, they'll hang a curtain with you when you say how we need to get that set up. What did you do this?
 If you say yes, sir, we'll go take care of it, Timothy was that to Paul, I believe that everything that Paul needed was wrapped up in a young preacher. Boy named Timothy, God gave him some women workers. May I say to you just as we need with workers on the road doing what we do here, we need women workers in the house of God brother, Junior need some workers that are come alongside the activity. Leading up to Revival, there were some women workers but also there was some leadership of the Holy Ghost.
 Ghost if you'll study this passage of scripture in the Bible said that when they left from the urban Bible said, Paul said in verse 3 he would go forth with him. He took him circumcised him, he got him ready for the ministry and the Bible said in verse 6 that when they had gone through phrygia and the region of galatia and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word and Asia afterward, they came to my CLS, a to go to the tenía but the spirit suffer
 I want you to I want to point out something that I want you to take record of that. The Bible said in verse number 6, it said the Holy Ghost for bed on the preaching Asia and then in verse 7 it said the spirit suffered them not. Do you see the implication here? You see what the Bible is telling us. It's saying that they were Spirit laying nobody. Did they pick up some? Some people to work with them but they were seared laying and how they went and where they went, you can't just go where you want to, you better. Let the Holy Ghost.
 Leave him he couldn't go he's he couldn't go west. He doesn't come One Direction, they wouldn't, but one more Direction left, until read in. Verse number 10, the Bible said and immediately, the Bible said verse 9 and a vision appeared to Paul the night at there. Stood a man, a Macedonian pretty insane. Come over to Macedonia and help us. And after you had seen the vision, I'll mediately we Endeavor to go to Macedonia. Assuredly Gathering that the Lord had called us for the preach, the gospel to them. Here's what I'd say to you before I get
 Number one, you gotta have willing workers number two, you better have the leadership of the Holy Ghost showing the Shady man. And number three, you gotta be completely obedient to exactly, like God said, Paul went across that little body of water went to Macedonia. And when he got there, he experienced a great Revival. Now, the pick up my reading and then I'll give you those indicators. Look down at verse number 14. When they got over verse,
 Thirteen Revel and they got over across the seat of Macedonia. The Bible said it on the Sabbath. We went out of the city by Riverside where prayer was won't to be made. And we sat down and spake unto the women. You heard it right? The women, which Resort and thither. And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple of the city of I retire. Which worship God hurt us, whose heart, the Lord opened that she attended unto the things, which were spoken.
 She was baptized her and her house. She was all the same. If you have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, coming to my house and abide there. And she constrained us first over 16 and add. It came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her master's much, gained by Super Saiyan the same followed, Paul and us and cried saying,
 These men are Servants of the most high God, which showing us the way of Salvation. This did, she many days but Paul being grieved turned and said to the spirit, I command thee, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth to come out of her and he came out that same hour and winter Masters saw that the hope of their games was gone. They called Paul and Silas and Drew them into the marketplace unto the rollers that you remember the rest of the story.
 I'll fill in the blanks here. They took him in the marketplace. They tied them up, and they went to publicly, then they threw him in a jailhouse, left him bleeding and watching and Bruges. But Paul made his mind up in that jail. I don't care what they did to me, I don't care the threats. They threw at me. I didn't come here based on what I was going to get. I came here based on who sent me here and what I'm looking forward to seeing God, dude.
 He threw his little hands up in the jail had started. Worshiping God, may, I say to you, before I get into the depth of this, that sometimes God Waits on you to give him glory in the midnight hour before he'll ever come through for you, I believe when they started praising God, the Bible said the jail begin to shake, and the Earth began to quake. And the Bible said that the prisoners are the guards fell down like dead men and the prisoners door.
 Open and Paul and Silas were able to go free. Now I will ask you this question. How many of you want to see a earth-shaking while change it? Revival come to North Dakota. You will see that team and I believe I want to see it. I didn't come out here and fight held by the acre. I didn't come out here to just play tiddlywinks with the devil. I came out here to sing God's do something that cannot be explained printed on paper.
 First that people will write something later and say, you had to be there to experience what I'm trying to explain to you, but I believe it's going to start, just like this one did. There was a prayer meeting out of Riverside by a group of women, that decided it was important to pray. And they've been praying, no doubt for a number of days off and on have that particular day, here comes the Apostle. Paul, when he showed up at the Riverside, the Bible said, God open up the heart of a God-fearing woman. That was down there.
 They can, she was doing God spinning and saner gloriously. She took him into the house and Revival broke out in the region of Macedonia. May I ask you this question, if you want to see Revival, what indicators can't? You expect number one, when Revival breaks out the devil gets stirred up hitting, it'll witness get stirred up. The first indicator that
 Tells you you're on the right path. To Revival is saying, don't like what you doing. Can I get a witness right there saying? Hey yeah and gears it may be that you're not seeking Revival. I'm not saying you ought to look for Satan to bullyrag him treat you bad but I tell you if you're going against him he's gonna do everything he can to stop you. If you're trying to exalt the lovely Lord Jesus, he's gonna do everything he can to shut you.
 Honey, if you don't, you're taking a team of people across and get out of sight and you got one agenda he's already fasted and prayed and salt doubt about it. He's don't try to tear transmission up hill, tribes best to tear up a camper. He'll try to have flat tires in the middle of nowhere. He'll get you so discouraged at beat down. He'll get you looking at each other across eyes because somebody burnt their breath stank. He'll do anything. He can to get you derailed from the Bible.
 State will get stirred up. You say preacher didn't happen? Yes. When Revival broke out a woman with a spirit of divination that Paul and Silas have their fall around saying these men are Servants of the most high God, everybody knew in town that she was as Loose as an alley cat and that she was a pi devil-worshiping woman and Paul just turned around and shit. That moment shop with us. She needs God, he rebuked her. The devil came out, she got gloriously shade.
 I say, we got Christians in our society, don't have the power to blow the fuzz off of Georgia Peach. But glory to God, they distill some people, I believe in the good. Holy ghost killing power for you. Honey, you're gonna encounter Devils. Yes, stop at a gas station the other day, and was a young lady beating on the back window of a car. Say it, let me out, let me out. I don't want to be with these people. I don't know where she did channel art been on.
 The hospital. One of our young ladies witness to her but the truth of the matter is there's people like that although this country they are full of the devil. They've been influenced by demonic activity and they just need to be set free. But don't you think for a minute honey? When you make your mind up that you don't serve God, you go set off for God, you're gonna give doll you. God, you going to tip to through the Tiptoe Through the roads into and eat bonbons and shit up in your high horse shit.
 No, you don't find held by the acre. This woman was set free. The devil tried to derail will be to God, but they kept on power. They kept on preaching, and kept on praying, they kept on pressing. You can't quit because I axle break sounds. You can't quit because you have a difficult day, you gotta catch the glory of God.
 Number one, the devil gets stirred up, the devil uses a tool of Deceit, the tool of domination and the tool of Destruction. But thanks be to God. They still some old-fashioned stuff soccer, that'll stay in a place for 30 years. That's right. We don't God, that should help from Macedonia lubitsch. A man, I believe the Lis are Macedonian call Preacher.
 Say this to you. I have been burned. The see God did something on this reservation. My daughter. Grace is here last year, she came out here and there was a little old, girl. The reservation that just got her attention.
 He was over the meeting over on the reservation and God, just use this little girl to strike a little compassion to my daughter's heart. And since we left out of here, let me say this to you, her and Melody, have both got a joint burden to come back at Christmas time. Give out some boxes to the Indian Children and Youth called Christmas to the West. I'm going to tell you that don't just happen.
 If you're not hurting for Revival you're not a burden to move forward with God. Yes, I told her this I said I'll be happy to oblige you with this. Goes any young person that's got a burden to do something, to make a difference in somebody's life, in the kingdom of God, needs to be cheered on Biggs to be encouraged. Needs to be fine, but she's trying to put up to $50 per box.
 Up to 250 boxes. Now I know I don't do the math. I don't know research. They 2,500 children hotel reservation. At least registers may I say to you, 25 hundreds of tall tale. That would be, I think. Well, I do. I'm not good at math, that's over $100,000. If you did $50 the box, maybe it's that right? My getting that, right?
 Well, maybe maybe not, I don't know. That's a lot of bunnies. All I can say, hey, good at math lean but I believe this, I believe we can come back at Christmas time. We can try to have a Revival service with him young people. We give out some Christmas boxes and a slice of pizza and Jesus name. Amen. And they're never know how far a lot of go down the road. It'll go back into somebody's house and show them that they somebody that don't even live in your region. It cares about your soul. Um, headband Bible breaks out, don't you can Mark once
 Down the devil ain't gonna like it when you start planning Christmas boxes and you start planning to help some young person, get the gospel in the hole and it lifts their Spirits. Look at door Heaven. Don't you think for one minute that all hell ain't gonna salt you? It jump on your back but an indicator. You're right on track is when Revival starts to break out, does Satan gets stirred up but Christian summer to get shirt up or prayed up. Hey man.
 Men. The Bible said Paul went to prayer. May I say to you, one of the most neglected thinks it our day is prayer and indicator of. I was breaking out his prayer meeting to breaking out an indicator that you're in. Revival is you got a burden to pray? I say glory to God prayer. All to me. The main thing of the church I say it off not to be a side. Note from a spectacle show. It ought to be the thing that drives you it'll be the thing that he courage. His you, you ought to Bow your head back.
 Joanie if possible and pray, pray, pray caving. What kind of prayer to fall prey? I want you to look with me out. Didn't have a meals? Fucking said, I thought that because I get hungry you know, if it's a praise the Lord.
 The Bible said and they brought them to the magistrate's verse number 20, Sadie's been being Jews to exceedingly trouble, our city and teach Customs, which are not lawful for us to receive neither to observe, be enrollments. And the multitude rose up together, against him at the magistrate, for it, off their clothes, and commanded to beat them. And when they laid, many stripes upon them, they cast him in the inner prison charging. The gel to keep them safely who having received such a charge Frets them of the
 It made their feet fast in the shop. And I at midnight, Hallelujah. I'm about ready to take me laugh. And I know, I might have to have a oxygen mask, where I get around this here, one tire. But I'm gonna laugh at Jesus name. If I keep feeling like I'm feeling right now and midnight. In the darkness of my palette. I went was unexpected when y'all to be sleeping. Here's To Me.
 Men sitting in a jail house. The Bible said, they prayed, it said they prayed and said they prayed and st. Praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them. Hallelujah. Same and right there. What do you say it? Preacher, I believe Paul had a prayer of agreement Paul and Silas prayed. You'll see Revival break out of doing you agree. As touching anything. Yeah, this
 I'll be done in my Father, which is in heaven. I'll take a reason why we're not seeing Revival. We don't have to people in agreement about Revival, but these two men do they have nothing to lose. They've been beaten, they've been rejected like been shot. That make fun of her but they said, we're not gonna give up this easy. They joined hands and they join hearts and they started praying for Revival. I say go to go to America. Needs a shake it. I say this, huh?
 Everything turned upside down, yes. Hey, why is it that you drive on Parkway and park on driveways? I've never understood why you baldy to make your heart, put ice in, the make it cold sugar to make it sweet and living to make it shower all in the same setting. It just don't make sense to me. It's about like America right now, huh? You don't know who's in charge and who's not in charge, but may I say to you despite the rise and despite the
 Protests and the spot covid-19. I still a God in heaven that wants to save Sinners, but you'll never seen anybody get the touch of God. You'll never see the Bible, sweeper County, you'll never see God do anything. I did we get more than one person in agreement that revival can come. And if two of you agree, as touching anything, it shall be done about color. He said call unto me, I will answer me.
 And show thee, Great and Mighty things. It's out. No, it's not. You gotta pray. You gotta pray indicator of Pablo's break it out. His prayer means of breaking out everywhere. We have a series of meetings getting automobile head down the road and won't nobody be affected. But if you prayed
 Honey, and pray.
 Push the plate to the back side of the table and ask God to help us have Revival. There was a prayer of agreement. Number two, that was a prayer of adoration.
 The Bible said they prayed and sang whooping Praises unto God. This I believe a shit that don't judge me in. Bartlett wasn't even living by bleep already decided. She said you read, pray. He said are you ready praise? Yes, sir.
 Heard it all Holt Story. How say you came from Glory, how he gave his life on Calvary to save a Wretch like Me, you said, wait a minute fridge.
 He apart ahead. He wrote Victory Jesus. You don't know that. Paul didn't say what you there, did the Holy Ghost. Tell us what he didn't sing at, what he did change.
 I heard about his Rowling's of his Precious Blood to Tony yes I said blood I said blood devil come on I got to worry about my friend he'd walk around stretching his legs with this conversation. Hallelujah we are still look. Bloody group of people saving that's a sick and tired of people, taking the blood out of his hand Madeline, hip of gender Bibles
 Today's of bland dangerous playing honey, he gave it all. So you and I could be said, he came right to go in and put up some kind of money and dock it on the table, he went there and spill ever been on the point of that. Every bit of it, drip out till when they punched him in the side, he darted split dry, nothing but blood and water. Separated water come out of his body. Wow cuz he doesn't ripped it. All out of him. Say that he gave everything he could gear.
 Of his precious, Bloods, atoning. Now listen, here's what Devil's Lake needs. Here's what the Spirit Lake. Indian Reservation needs na repented of my sins and won the victory victory. In Jesus, my Savior, I believe they got to say good night and God and Heaven Sent man. Listen to my service.
 But you have been be, they have been rejected. They're in prison for their faith. God said, but listen, I'm praising my name. I believe he started. Tapping his foot up there and Glory hey man for was over with. I hope place got the Shaker, y'all with the shame and hi Fern indicator of. I was breaking out. I'm done if Shane gets stirred up.
 Saints. Get shirt up or prayed up but number three. Whoa. Since I guess you're gonna start trying to find God.
 If we started seeing dope addict and alcoholic, and druggies and rejects and cons coming to the tent, let's say, I gotta get right God, shaking my heart, that was a prisoner in the jailhouse prisoners. That heard them, people hear your praise people, hear your prayer and people feel your praise and people feel your prayer so much so that the Jailer was shook up.
 Hey, he said I'm going to commit suicide because if these guys have escaped on my walk she'll kill me. And Paul said, we don't know where do thy self, no harm and the Bible said he fell down and shit. This sirs, what must I do to have? What y'all got? You boys? Got to have something different, don't they know convict in his right mind would have the door swung, open, it would sit right here and wait on judgment. You boy shit. Here, they something in. Y'all did.
 Then everybody else. Can I tell you? They need to see something different in the Christian. We can't always be bellyachin and complainin cause it may affect somebody's Spirit. They need to see that we're different. We've got somebody inside of us. That's changed the way we think. Change the way we talk. Change the way we walk change everything about it. I said somebody in this shit. All the pray that God will shake up somebody in this town this week.
 Week it may come to a Bible school and children bombarding the house with the songs. We gonna teach them, it may come through. I didn't meet them. Somebody feeling God, shake them and stir them up. We need Revival in America, paid back.
 How we go have it.
 Christian's get prayed up.
 When's the last time you saw God and said, sit Revival quit using it.
 What use it all that manipulation in your mouth? I pray all the time. All day it. What I asked you when's the last time you actually got on your knees and said, God send Revival to Devils Lake North Dakota I said specific out of your mouth not lord said Revival to America.
 That's good. Praying.
 What about this? God, send Revival to the homes and our church?
 See the Bible to the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation, several powerful telling the coldest to India, send Revival to our mayor. And councilman of our town said Revival. Something we can physically visibly, see it. And we can feel the vibration Comet. So reverberating all the way from the courthouse to my house. Y'all with machete man, brother. Jim
 I called your brother Jim. I called you, brother. Jimmy, I'm just glad you like me because I don't know which one you go. Buy 30 years.
 Thirty years.
 A lot before I learned a lot. The brother, we get too old.
 So with Perry, white will revive, we need Revival, 20 minutes.
 We got people that gave their time, bought me a couple of again.
 Give their energy.
 Gave their money.
 And we certainly don't want to waste this week of squandering.
 I don't want to waste this week in squandered. I want to see Revival. If my people which are called by my name,
 Chao.
 To the car.
 Go ahead and quit deferred and I'm right and you're wrong.
 The Humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their Wicked Ways. Then then they had, will, I hear from Heaven, would have God's not here because we've not tumbled ourselves, not sought its face.
 For my Wicked Ways. God said, I don't hear nothing you say, yet the first three, prerequisites. Have got to come into play before. I'll ever hear.
 Then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal our Land. If We Ever Needed healing in America, it's now, amen. So much racial tension and division. Now, say something to you.
 if I cut open a black man's arm and cut my arm up, my blood go, bleed, the same color,
 But I stop and tell you we got to get over this color, this racial stuff and I'm better you better your lamps and I'm hired you or I'm not being unkind, I'm just being realistic. We need God to heal our land. Hear you? Do you want God to heal, your land? Well, here's what I'll ask you to do. Y'all. See how we built this? This Pulpit area.
 We build it just High Enough.
 That a person could do this.
 - this is not the most comfortable position, but it sure. Beats you have a nail all the way to the ground.
 You'll behind height way up in the air.
 I ain't gonna go there.
 God.
 First of all, I come before you and I ask you God, to search out my heart.
 See if there be any wicked way in me and Lead Me into the way of Alaska.
 I confess every sin, every selfish way every prideful, thought, every sinful act, you might have to get real specific about those things. And that God, I humbly ask you, I seek your face. I'm going to turn from my Wicked Ways but I draw it night at you. I know you'll draw nigh to me. You said you would? It's God. I'm asking you please. What you said really?
 The Devils Lake North Dakota God, I'm asking you specifically, would you send it to this property? This week? Draw people into this tent. That didn't even know they were coming. God, God to use me as a vessel to reach people today. When I eat, use me as a vessel to talk to somebody at the gas station, in the grocery store. Oh God, you gonna have to get busy with God. God, start hearing from heaven.
 I might ask you this question, he's gonna play Help Lord softly in the background.
 I'm telling y'all, Revival is going to be up to y'all.
 You say it? Oh, it's up to God. No, no, he said it's up to you. He said yeah, there's a conditional word right there. If
 He said, I thought it and go out. Yeah, my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked. We thin. Yes, it's up to you and God if you'll do the first part got to do the last part, you may not do it the way you think, but he'll do it his way and you'll know it's coming. But that's how God works. God cannot tell a lie. He said that this word I believe it's true. Hey man,
 So here's my question, how many of you want to see God do something this week that you can't take credit for? I can't take credit for but God the Holy Ghost will be absolutely proud that he put his stamp opponent. How many of you want to see Revival this week? I want you to get up from your seat. Help me, pray around these Alders and less ask God, to help us. We met. If you can't kneel, you kneel in your seat with your head mouth and your eyes closed, I'm asking you to come.
 Um, let's take God for Revival in this County, in this shitty, in this state, in our region in the United States and let it spill off all over the place.
 We're praying together.
 What brighten together as a body?
 How about the clouds their way? Our God. Who really cares? You'll carry your burden. He'll see, you safely eat.
 Hey.
 I need help from above.
