Y'all can be seen in the house of God and had an opportunity to go to brother. Sean's. Hang On to Your Heart camp meeting of in the smokies. And man, we got stirred this week, big-time, amen. We're thankful that God allowed us to be a part of that meeting. And our young people went off and we're probably going to get in trouble with the truant officer in the. We keep taking our young people with, it's a man, but we're glad that they're getting some
From God. Amen. The most important thing is that they grow up to be productive citizens in the kingdom of God and in their society. So we wanted to get the school to amen, but we're glad that they got some good spiritual edification of this week. Good to have Miss Collins back with us again. Susan Wright, the get that right Lisa. I apologize. I well close. I got the last thing, right? They made Miss Lisa College. I'll give her a hand and he grabs.
Will never be the same again by the Mike, you know that. Amen. But anyway it's good to go off on that ranch. Go out there. Anybody here if people like it when he laughs nobody knows you know they have been around and they all like who but I'm glad he brings joy to our hearts. Amen. But I'm glad that Jesus brings going on hard and we're gonna let him sing a song. We're going to pray and ask God to bless this morning. I apologize on the pulpit. Stop classical pit. We hauled it up to Tennessee and it got
 Logan the way back. So we're going to have to do a little repair on it. I've been needing to do so many way, but we thank God for whatever God's doing in the house of God. Amen! Amen. And we thank you for being here today. Father was so grateful to be back in church. Today, we understand, it's not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit saith, the Lord of hosts and father, I thank you that the great I am still is, that's what we fixing to head with music and father. I pray that we will realize that
 Today, no matter what happens next Tuesday, the great I am still is I think you got that you're in charge. No matter. Who's with the Tyler president, hanging the on their name here, still a sovereign, God sitting on the phone and you're not diminished in your power, you're not diminished in your abilities and you're not waiting in your mind Lord, you are awesome. You are powerful. You are authoritative. And you are God, and God alone. And
 We worship you today in spirit and in truth and we pray that will realize today that the great I am not still was God, she'll going to be. So he certainly was in though, he's certainly will be, but the great. I am still is in Jesus name and All God's Children said, listen as they sing this morning a man, the great. I am still is
 How many alliances in yesterday today forever? I'm going to let every one day every day and every tongue will confess but until then I'm going to sleep.
 You're straight, it's souls, and don't want to see that.
 Three minutes.
 And she didn't ask me to do that math. That was on my own accord right there. Glad to have you here today and we're thankful that God has helped us. Why not a good song. The Great I Am still is, you know, during covid with all the mess that went on through covid and it's still going on through covid churches. All over this country. Listen to me. I've heard this testimony
 Even though we had to shut the doors and go online brother, PJ some Churches, had to shut down to go online and we need your expertise. But it's all around trans, man. This guy's sharp attack that stuff. But they said this, all these pastors, I talked to said you wouldn't believe, God has sustained us financially, the lights have always been paid. The mortgage is paid. The insurance is are paid, and we give God the glory that the great. I am still is even in the cove.
 I want to say this to you church, that we got a, thank you note from the family of cocoa Martinez and I'll share with that at the end of service because we were part of their time of grief and mourning and and I know that it's been difficult but we'll keep rape that family. But let's do this right now. Let's give our tithes and our offerings unto the Lord and let's honor him with the firstfruits of all our increase. The Bible teaches that amen. Givens apart of.
 Europe. And I thank God that we can worship the king, with our given, amen. Amen. Get this mic and one of my victory is mine.
 They did do read it again. He thinks he'll be fine.
 Victory.
 I'm not a Christian because somebody forcing me to be warned. I'm not a Christian because I feel like I got to
 To, I'm a Christian because I get to a man and I thank God that I choose to be a Christian.
 Before I could read this.
 Say hi.
 It may come a day when they put their finger in your face and say, you need to deny this God or you lose something on, you'll be pulled from something or some will be taken from you. You know what I chose to do? I chose to live for him, even in the midst of opposition and persecution, I choose to be a Christian. They whatever others do that shoes.
 Bring home in your heart today. I want to split them sing one more song for you. This one is this one that I'm kind of going forward to Van to. I'm glad that no matter what you've gone through, if he's been faithful in the past, he'll be faithful in the present.
 And if he did it yesterday, he'll do it again today, he'll continue to do it tomorrow. I preached on Friday night that he that overcometh. If you'll notice the Book of Revelation ends with that phrase in every one of the seven churches he that overcometh it didn't just say he that overcomes. He said the King James has got to eat th of the endowment and that's not the make it sound real presentable and flower lie and stop.
 Only that e, th carries the idea of, it's not just a one-time Endeavors, if he overcome now. He's going to continue to overcome again and again and again and again. So no matter what you're going through, you give me an overcomer in Christ. Amen. And he'll do it again. Listen as I sing that from the Alita, Graham time to give it all, you got.
 Out, and you're going but God proving time.
 Who God knows a day that struggle with through doors.
 Good morning.
 We believe that we have a God that they are possible. Hallelujah, spider twice gay. Believe me, he'll do it again.
 I was just joking.
 The come back and lay their selves before him. And let me tell you something, I'm glad for the forgiveness and the blood of Jesus, say, hey, no matter where you been, how deep you being there for God, that's bigger than yourself. And, and he's bigger than your problems, he's bigger than your burdens, he's better than your Sorrows, he's bigger than your shortcomings. Hallelujah. Glory to God, listen to me, what he went out. Looking for the one that went astray. He, he
 What necessary that point concerned about the matter and, and it was still on the floor, he went out to find that one lost sheep that it wanted. Open the poll Halloweeny brought him back to the boat and I'm glad there's great rejoicing in the kingdom of God. No matter where you, me and you'll do it again. No matter what, you know, he'll do it again. No matter how deep you did. Y'all do it again?
 Regards to this.
 Most people here alive, time and homely, but I said go ahead and Mark this down, lasting mark it down.
 I said when Jesus was baptized of John, the Baptist about a sudden voice from Heaven. Said, this is my beloved Son in whom. I'm well pleased that will tell you something for y'all to fall. The report, the heavens and speak from heaven and say, this is my son in whom I am. Well pleased, I'd make you being a little bit. You did your chest out, he talked about me,
 But if you look at the very next chapter, he left that great Victory. And he was led up by the spirit, Into the Wilderness to be tempted of the devil for 40 days. I said, after great victories, come great Temptation. I said, so I don't I'll tell you what. I told the young people. I see everybody. I'll need to guard against getting cliquish.
 Clannish do in the same, man, that's spirits on you. Come up. Listen, you need to guard what you felt this week, God, what God did in your heart this week, and don't let the devil in the middle of your Temptation. Cause you to give in to his word, can I get a witness like y'all? Enjoy some, what these young people and what God is doing in your life? Put your hands together.
 I'm a good fit for the end of the children right now. They can ease on out Miss Kim brother, and he's going to children's church. We're so grateful for our young people and the children's church workers and I want you to continue to pray for the young people. Pray for those that God is using to teach our young people. We're so grateful again for their Ministries and how God is using them. I am so excited.
 Yesterday, was it yesterday? Able to build a before you sent me the pictures. Yesterday when we was eating lunch, when I got the picture, the modular that I've been sitting there separated on the pad 7, all them are put together right now.
 The other seven we put together and we are amazing. Listen, if you hadn't been out there lately to see what God is already got done. I promise you, you need to go check it out. Amen. I believe God's working in a mighty way and I'm so excited about that and looking forward to what God's going to do. And we're looking forward to our summer Ministries coming on that property. And listen, you say you making plans for the summer. You'll never know what's gonna happen.
 Next, which I don't, but I am quit. Looking ahead and of Jesus decide to pull us out of here, or if we get nuked by Russia and leave out of here, they don't matter to me. I'll leave it all behind. Anyway, it'll be enough, but of desolate Wasteland, but the truth of the matter is I can stay before God, flat-footed and said, you gave me an assignment and I work the best of my ability all the way up till I got them, new hit me.
 Why ask you and even know he'd be here, you be gone. Same as he said you'd leave Russian Ponder don't know but I'll say this to you honey. We're in a world that is there some things behind the scenes that are going on, we can't see right now and I believe soon and very soon we are going to see the king and you know what my Mantra is? I ain't from here.
 So, why are we trying to get to accustom to be in here? I want you to look with me at What leader, told a group of Believers that were under great persecution? Peter is talking to a group of group of Believers that was under persecution by doc leaching and Miro. They were literally, they were taking these people to the state and killing them for their faith. See, nobody in this world knows much about persecution Christianity Today. No stuff.
 What about the persecution that had took place in the days of the word of God in the Bible days? But I've got news for you coming soon to an attraction, maybe not near, not far from us. We may be going through some persecution, don't you? Look at what Peter told this group of Believers that was under persecution greatly. He said to them ye but he are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood holder.
 What he said to them and holy nation, A peculiar people. I know if you peculiar people, y'all in the same man, let me tell you, if you want to see peculiar people, go to the mall and shit on the bench and just watch people laugh.
 You said, man, I've been in the woods and the sticks too long.
 He said he said, thanks, told us, he say y'all for you. Now this crowd that you watch out there in the mall that faint, you and me are peculiar, but they don't want a little strange-looking knowing miss a man. I mean, so you I've seen all you just go down to downtown Gatlinburg and you can sit right there and be entertained for a whole day and I'm doing
 He said you were a peculiar people. He said wow we have chosen generation. Why are we a royal priesthood? Why are we a holy nation? Why are we improving your people semicolon? He's continuing the thought he says thank you may show forth the Praises of him who hath called you out of Darkness Into His Marvelous Light. He said the reason why I've identified you as such in sure, to give God glory.
 A world that is dark on me. Save me then he said in verse number 10 in which time passed which in time past ye were not a people but now but are now the people of God, let me read that again. First verse number 10, it says which in time past were not a people. He said this is not what you used to be. You were not this creep. I just described you were not a few killed. Your people. You are not a holy nation, you are
 You're not a royal priesthood. You were not a a chosen generation. He said you were now but are now the people of God you were not in the past but now you are the people of God which had not obtained Mercy but now have obtained Mercy. He said you weren't living in Mercy before but now you're in that Mercy, dearly beloved verse 11, I want to got one more step, mr. Hank, Thompson, the bridge dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers. And
 Pilgrims sounds like John Wayne and got up from the grave. Now Olivia
 I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul, and then verse 12, he says having your conversation honest, among the Gentiles. In other words as you live in this world, let other see that you're doing the best you can for God's a man that whereas they speak against you, as evildoers, they may by your good works. This is
 Most Christians need to live there. Speaking of you as an evildoer, you're not doing anything wrong, but because you're so different from them and because you're so against the grain, that is what's natural today in this whole Fallen World. He says, he says, you're not like this group of people, he said, so they're speaking against you as evildoers. He said this, he said, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall be home.
 And glorify God in the day of visitation his word. He said, I'm gonna break it down in south Georgia, Cotton Patch language. He said, when Jesus shows up they gonna show, you know, what if people were right that crazy much down in a with the church, when covid wrote down, they were right. They were, they will see your good works and glorify God.
 A visitation. Here's what I want to do. I want to preach on this thought for a minute, I know this is probably not the best English in the world.
 But I ate.
 From here.
 Father, I believe sermons are dime a dozen. What? I need the Holy Ghost.
 Your dish is a good place to be this morning. I feel free this morning. I pray God that you let me be free for the next 30 minutes. God I pray you so wrap me up. Now that I preach outside of my body for a minute and do not pray that the glory would go directly to the throne of God, not to a preacher not to a man, got to a church not to a towel. But God that people would say well they say your God, please. Would you pull out of me? Anything that needs to be staying at? Burn up anything that my face will try.
 Jet, that will give you praise honor and glory. In Jesus name of All God's Children saying,
 Every year I go out west and you'll find that when you cross over what I call the Mason-Dixon Line you cross over that Mississippi River Band things change.
 The tea ain't no more. Sweet, no more. Y'all in there. I told somebody I went out, I've learned when you go out west, that when you ask for iced tea, you better specify sweetened iced tea goes when you say I stay out there. All they know is that stuff that this don't got no flavor to it just a bunch of colored water. They did down the Mississippi River.
 Crawl and drag and then you get up there. I mean, I was her brother, Randy Miss Gina this week, and they, they, they kick on me, too.
 Death to hear them to talk. I mean, halite way from the hills, the Backwoods of of the heels and instead of saying are you washed in the mall, you washed in the blood.
 For peace.
 And every time I go out there people say I'll be talking to him. Maybe looking at me cock eyes will cost them a and they'll say something like this you ain't from here or biscuits of biggest cat head
 Bring all, you will find that this world is not my home from that location. I found out what Peter said to these believers who were going through great persecution. He said to them down in verse number 11, he says this, he says in verse number 11, he said, dearly beloved
 He said I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims. I took the liberty to look that word strangers up, it carries the idea of a person who lives for an extended time. In a land that is not necessarily. He is a stranger is a person who lives have it Elena and up for a extended time. But that land may not necessarily be his land, he is there long enough to need a house but it's not
 Long enough to make himself a permanent resident. As a matter of fact, he is, he is he really has no legal rights, he has no social standing. He is a stranger and Exile who lives in a foreign land, the word pilgrim. However, means this it carries the meaning of a more temporary time than the stranger. The word pilgrim cares. The idea, it refers to someone who's merely passing through one place on the way.
 To another beer. Here's a good example. If they like you're stopping at a campground and check it in when he was in a tent or a camper and you pay for the fee to stay at night, but in the morning, you're packing the camper up and your head going down the road. You know what Peter saying to these people? Hey, don't get too used to where you are because this really ain't your land. This really ain't where you belong. This is just a temporary, but you may live long enough to have a house but it ain't the place that I want you.
 Permanently reside or it could be like the pilgrim that's coming through and he's just stopping for the night to reassess and he's getting up in the morning may I stop. Here's how Paul said it. Paul made this statement in Philippians 3, and verse number 20, he said for our conversation, the worst conversation means manner of life is in heaven from which we also look for the Savior. The Lord Jesus Christ. Here's what Paul said. He said we are here
 Here. But we're not here. He said we are living here but we don't live here. He says I might have another Draya said only mailbox and we're tag on a piece of paper and a courthouse that identifies me as living in that region. But he said, I'm not from here right there by his from another world can I stop and take you Thirty One years ago and God pacify where I was? He said your citizenship put is no longer going to be based on.
 They told me to Florida, that's where you were born, but your citizenship now is in another world. I've got the record of when you got into the kingdom of God and when you got birthday into the family and I'll say it was a good day, where are they having my citizenship? But when I met him in my ultimate destination, I'm just a stranger and a pilgrim. Passion fruit goes from here.
 Green County because that gives me a fair shake with everybody in in Greene County. It means I don't know your mama daddy, I don't know your grandpa. I don't know what your family members did before I got here and I really don't care what they did before. I got here at lean-to, everybody's got equal ground in my mind. I'm not prejudging you faced your what you were or where?
 I'm from Aarhus Association. You were eaten. I'm judging based on the fact that God loved me enough to accept me in the family and he took me in. How are you? He take you in and you're just a stranger anyway. You're just a pilgrim passing through somebody, listen to me, I believe since we are pilgrims and since we're strangers in a world, we need to know how to conduct ourselves in an alien culture. We're in an
 Liyan culture. We are not this world's idea of the culture. Let me give you a proposition. I believe that every Christian needs to be reminded that we are strangers and pilgrims in this world every night. We were over, can't make them and they got to sing it and he got so real in there. I fell. I can't you just Reach Out And Touch the Hem of Jesus garment as it came from. They, let me tell you something, we get to shake it about time glory to
 Good night and this world is not my home. And the power is in the blood. I'm telling you, I get to thinking about that place and that Jesus gonna prepare for me and unscientific I'm glad in my father's house are many mansions. If I was coming down the road yesterday and then they said days and they ask you a question. He says here, sir, he says, his Jesus, is he built me a mansion in heaven? He said, well, I have imagined when I get there, I'll shave your son if you're born.
 Begin by the grace of God, God's been working on your house. And here's the good news, it's mortgage free, and it's tax-free. And you won't have to pay Walt medium shade or rail electric, or general electric power. He's it's free. Cause eson will like that place headache, not the fuel in that house. And the plumber has been provided by our savior that created the dreams and the
 It's gonna - it now Mansion son. You just seven years old, but you're richer than you can ever imagine it kind of Heritage Way. Beyond your capri.
 That we're strangers and pilgrims 23 room.
 Hers, Peter Davis has to travel. Is what reminders? Do we need to keep our focus on that other world? Number one, we were reminded of our past when you get to thinking about where God brought you from you get to thinking about war, dogs, taking you saying,
 Your past. Number one, he says was a dark past.
 Let me tell you something. Here, we got some people at some pretty dark past and their life in truth the matter. Any first number 9 says it this way he says
 I have called you out of what.
 Imma give it to your machine, my goodness. And they like, you've got a pigeon, a camera. Look at it.
 I called you out on what to his wife. He didn't say why he said what he said, where I'll pick you up in some nasty and dark and gloomy, he said, you remember how bad it was when I found
 I've never felt that way. When you might know, they're really got saved the suit, the matter is. When he picks you up from your past, you look back in afterwards and you'll say Godly. I can't believe I lived in that nasty last
 I got to thinking about this this morning, the best you. This question. What would have happen if you two continue to ask you were in your dark State brother behind, get to thinking about you this morning about thank God that God called you into the ministry and a favor. Man of God is that it's ever been in my life as a man of God. I love this man with everything in my heart but he'll tell you that his past they'd always been Christian a tall.
 And Rosie the time, in his past, when the liquor bottle had it.
 It was a time of his past but I'm sure his conversation, his manners. His words were not the most Pleasant to hear. Well, I'm glad I'm so glad I missed. I am stuck it out with you, pray for you. So God with you and God, reach back in the darkness of your pastor. And he said this, hey, I will remind you that the reason why you got your eyes on another world. If you remember how dark it was in your pastor. He remember have dirty worried,
 Do you remember how you had to bring your pastor and they'll start rehearsing everything you ever did for you? If you can't alter somewhere and you shall I meet the blood to cover up my past? It was spotty dark alley.
 Even want to look back in their place, don't give me a flashlight, don't give me a trip backwards. And the Bible says, if somebody brings her but I might say, well what's God going to say about it? And this is what God says, about your past as far as the East is from the West so far. Has he forgiven our transgression and take it on from this? Is he put some in the sea of forgetfulness. He says, what pastor?
 What darkness is what singing I thought you report to you you might find you know somebody might try to recount it as it might be on a document somewhere. But going to God, Jesus saying out there.
 Your pasty. He reminds us of how dr. Past was. Number two, he reminds us. We had to despise past verse 10. Says it this way, which in times what past were not a people.
 There was a time when you couldn't call yourself a Christian. It was a time that you didn't get up and present yourself the way you present yourself today. He said there was a time that it was despised. You did things that were despicable
 But in times past were not a people but are now. You are now people. Some of ya'll quit. Living in yesterday. You can't change it. Yeah, you make some stupid choices back there. You in the same and it's something that even you yourself. Despise.
 You yourself don't even like to tell about it. You want to try to block it out of your memory and I'm drivers coming. They would God, want that mess out of my mind, but I'm glad to report to you. He said you're not living in yesterday the pasture living in now but now you are a people. Now, I said that. Yes, yes, you are the spouse. But now, you are his people save us - past a dark past but it reminds us of a
 He reminds us of a deadly passage. He says in verse 10 which had not obtained. Mercy, in other words, you were headed for death.
 With no brakes on the car, you were headed for a cliff and the brakes were out and you didn't have mercy. But somebody intervened in the middle of that, it was daily and where you were headed, what's to a merciless place called him. Can I stop paying? We don't hear much about hell anymore. Much of a prick, your hell anymore. You know why? Because it's not popular in that is all the Crown Jewel. It doesn't Miss Shelley getting all three. But can I tell you for those that have been
 And I wasn't know where God brought you from it, and what you could have waited till you were heading for places where they never been Troubled Water, put on your calendar. Right. Need a never had a day of morphine. Put it on your eyelid, where you never had any, we preach Henry Prime Time. Hey all it's not something that was made up by preachers and try to get people to conform to the word of God. It's what Jesus preached, we enhanced the 1/3 times, the one they preach for,
 About hail and he did heaven, but don't see do the seriousness of those that reject his playing and the First Tee of God was given so that you can be forgiven Jesus where Jesus stopped, they don't smile in his hands and I put it round or two polish and they drove spikes into his sleep, and if you go to hell, you go pass them at Calvary because God gave Mercy.
 Where am I? That's the reason why I'm here. I give the thinking about how dark despised and deadly it was. But number two, y'all stay with me, feel like preaching this morning.
 We're reminded of our what?
 We're imagining what's going on right now? What's our present life? I see he said this this is what you are. Now in Christ, you are a chosen generation has not passed. That's now present you our Royal priest that you didn't know you. As a priest, put your collar on and walk in there and act like it.
 You're a hole in a. Should you say this nation? A holy. We Maryam bohtan Vegas by the biggest. You have a simple remedy is stationed at believes in God, saying that you're peculiar people. Let me tell you what I'm talking about. You reminded of your past, from out, of your present. Number one, watch this, because you're a new creation.
 You are a chosen generation.
 When God saved you, he he called you out of that crowd, he called you out, of that lifestyle home. Let me tell you something. Can I just be real flight with you? Seeing is fun.
 Four Season.
 You'll enjoy going out and getting drunk for a while. You'll go out and enjoy doing that stuff. That is in Rebellion to the things of God. Oh, yeah. Your flesh. Will enjoy it for a little bit.
 My fact, you just start thinking well, surely God won't judge somebody that's just trying to enjoy their minds but so you've been perverted about what enjoying life is Satan's told you it's about alcohol and don't and sex and drugs and all kind of junk. And you've used to come to that you pulled yourself into that way of and you know what you're out there and all of a sudden you're enjoying it but then all of a sudden party starts up. It starts getting late.
 And everybody starts getting drunk and everybody starts passing out and then your best by yourself and you're alone and you're broke. And you wake up sick and you wake up saying what did I do and you don't know and they long until that season comes to an end. And then you start realizing what did I contract something that I did? I do something. I'm gonna be ashamed of what something caught on camera that I won't see. And then, I, yes, leave. You are tiptoeing around the truth.
 Do it because you have no idea. You know, that is that is what the devil represents to you as the best life. But you don't tell you, the end of it is a car wreck or main body. They don't tell you the indominus a broken relationship and emotional baggage. If they don't tell you at the end of it, you'll be thrown away like a pack of cigarettes cause you're done with you. They don't tell you that when it's all said and done honey, you are thrown away. You are a nobody and
 And the people that get used to it, right? You have now pushed themselves away from you and your father has come to an end but in my present he says I was a nude. He said I have been chosen out of that mess. Oh, come on. Over here with me, you don't need to do that anymore. Have fun. I'll get you high on the most high chamber and the creation.
 He says, we have a new comedian. He said I'm a royal priesthood. He said, I get the fellowship with God. Say he said, we don't have a new communion and we're a new creation. He says, number three, watch this, we're not only a new car. We have a new character. He says, now you're a holy nation. Nobody look at you. Like they used to they don't they look at what you've done and start size and you up based on their assumptions obvious. Now, they look at you and say, that's
 Little bit about that person of can't leave the other day. There was a preacher from Kentucky preaching.
 And he got the preaching about he said in his past, let us, but maybe I'm not ready to run thinking about. He said in his past, he had done something that caused him to have a felony attached to his name. A felony is a pretty serious. You go prison for felony
 He said it was a setup. It was a steam. He said, I'm not excusing. I was not the wrong. He said, but it was a sting operation he said and I was killed tiphaine in the middle of that mess. He said and they come and they busted everybody and he said, hi, I was told by the probation officer. Bring your toothbrush to court because you probably not going home.
 What day is the only thing you bring your toothbrush to court?
 because you're probably,
 Going to prison. You're not going.
 he said, miraculously
 he was put on probation.
 He said, but yet his his record had a felony.
 And you can't shake it. So when it's on your record ask Nathan Tucker know him in shame and when it's on record unless they is sponging.
 The word is fun. Just interesting. It means, unless they go back and they erase it and where it cannot be traced or found anymore.
 He said, but yeah, I have a felony on my record.
 He said this.
 He said one day he served his probation and he tried to do, right? It got saved by the grace of God. God forget to work in his life called him to preach and one of his church members. So why don't you write a letter to the governor asked him to expunge your record?
 He thought that never do that, but he said, one day, he got impressed the write a letter. He wrote a letter telling the governor. Yes, I was killed T of what? I did. Yes, I am. But I'm not the same man. I used to be.
 I've been saved. I'm pastor at the church and he had sold his church members write letters on his behalf. He said, he said, he called the governor's office and they said, well, you can send it in but but he's got
