Who were you?
We're starting to see, folks, starting to trickle, back in after coronavirus. And it's good to have Julie and Brandon back with us for the first time since all this broke out and she's don't have child here. July the 15th or somewhere thereabouts. Amen. And I ain't you glad to have them back with us today. Amen.
 But I've made my mind up that greater is he, that is in us and he that's in the world. Amen. And the Bible said that the Gates of Hell shall not Prevail against the church. Satan would love to attack round. Citrate four doors off the church. Shut us down. He loved for Coleman to say if I was would have shown up
 Return to this problem in churches that shut their doors as a result of it. But that's the grace of God. We're going to be a light on the top of the hill. What used to be a watering hole with alcohol, today is a place of worship, lifting up the King of Kings getting Living Water. If you plan on that, put your hands together and give a fuck
 If you have not registered your children, you need to register them. You can go and see brother, Anthony Miss Kim or you can see Miss Cynthia. She knows how to do that. We want to get the kids register. We're high-tech redneck. We're doing it online now. Amen. And
 You don't want to use them online to register your kids, or I don't want to be some paper. We have those too, but we wouldn't be visitation yesterday working on the property. Got things ready? We are super excited. We will be working. Anybody that follows rules that can spend a few hours with us today after church. Go pick, you up a hamburger. Pick up somebody to meet us at the property. We're going to walk through and be sure. Everything's in place ready to go for tomorrow night. So when you come in from work at five o'clock,
 Listen carefully at five o'clock were feeding all the workers were feeding, all the workers that are in. We may need somebody to help with the nursery. They said, yeah, we we have all the workers. Listen carefully will be fed, five o'clock and if you come at 5 and you're not a worker will feed you and feed your kids. We are going to be sure every night there's food available.
 You sure there's food available every night and so you be prepared for that and six to eight forty-five know these pictures up to you on Friday night Friday night.
 We are going to have swim time, all the boys and the girls at bible school going to vitamin A two sections were asking that parents allow them to wear a shirt and shorts. We just trying to keep it above level here. Y'all with me show you man we're not against it if you if your kids wear bathing suit, we're not against that. It's not like throwing stones at but on the property and we got all these people. There were just trying to keep things as close to modest as possible. Okay? Okay. Can somebody say we've been on that side?
 And girls you can wear something that's comfortable for preferably it's a girl's, not watch her. But anyway, so with that being said, that is Friday night and that's going to be an awesome awesome time together. If you are excited, about our first annual BBS and you are excited about God and his power, and the fact that he's going to reach some children with the gospel. I want you to put your hands together and give God controls.
 And if you want to try to avoid somebody within six feet, this wait an hour. Hey man, otherwise just drop it.
 We're gonna have a good time in Jesus name and I'm thankful for the for the fact that God has sustained. I know I got to sorry more about my hand but God has sustained the church through this time and I am grateful for that achieved. Save me I mean the light bills paid. God has been so favorable to us. That every bill is current carrying a witness, right?
 If you can help us confirm that we would
 We appreciate that. And while I'm on announcements next Sunday, we are going to have Father's Day. / Mother's Day, / graduation. So you said, why are you doing it all together? Because there's a lot of mothers who didn't come on Mother's Day and we didn't want you handling. The stuff that had never handled by the people. We got a special gift for my father, we got a special gift for the mothers and we've got a special gift for The Graduate.
 And so, that's going to be exciting, exciting time they meant and they suddenly hear the house of God. But this week PBS, let's pray. Father, we're so grateful that we can meet in the house of God. As we get ready to sing about the victory. We have in Jesus, I pray God that you will absolutely annoying. Wrap us up in the glory for a few minutes. Lord remind us that the money that is in our position is just on loan.
 Take it multiply for your glowing and will thank you. And will Praise You In Jesus Name and All God's Children said.
 Y'all in here is huge but they show the lady to do this that she felt my God. It's burning her about this. I'm glad that God will carry you when they say man I don't know what you have gone through but I promise you man how many of y'all have ever seen that that thing Footprints in the Sand. It talks about how that I went through life and never discourage and he goes through a whole gamut of all kinds of negative things and he
 He said, but the one thing I notice, when I look back, there was only one set of footprints in the sand and he said and then I wondered why God. And then I realized it was seeing that he was carrying me and I don't know about y'all, but there have been times in the 30-plus years of being saved that God has scooped me up. I was weak as water. I didn't have the strength that go on. I
 The problem pal in and say I'm finished with God. I want to say it's over. I can't, God can't fight another battle. I've been in the point. I know this might shock from y'all, but in 30 years of preaching, they've been times. When I said I can't preach another stupid, I have felt so overwhelmed. But you know, I found during those times of my life is when the Lord was undergirding me Michael, hit the light except the laugh.
 The Lord was undergirding me and he was carrying me from the difficulties of my life. I want you to listen while Whitney sayings they say, whether on He will carry you.
 Jessie.
 Thank you for carrying that load helping me through the difficulty of my life. They don't sing it one more time. I want to ask you if you feel like what I think, what let it play, it play, softly testify.
 There were times that I ran from you, but I could look back and see that he took care of me, even when I did not want him.
 I can look through this lyrics, All These lyrics and I could say, yes, I have found myself asking where he's been
 But I can only do it through crimes. That's right. That's right. People ask me every day. Why are you doing so late?
 What is your job toys? Why aren't you playing your life?
 I don't know what he has in store for me, but I do know it's right here. Praising him everything.
 That's just fine with your mama. We don't we don't feel like that's gonna be your status and what we want. Out of every one of our kids as if to be in the perfect will of God. And this hold the microphone with the you hold a microphone book out. If it's just been to church to teach children, you do that for the Lord. We're going to pray for her because you got no idea of a pressure. So young person gets it when they're 19 and 20.
 Man, there's an old salt of hail that comes again.
 But everybody else around, he's got a boyfriend or girlfriend or they're married and I'm not married, they've got a job but they got a new car and they've got the answer that God status of a got there. Let me tell you something, honey, as long as you are with my God, that's the only person you need to get. Give your allegiance to a man, don't you give it to this world, don't you? Give yourself to Jesus?
 What what Jesus will do with your life. Amen. I told Whitney this morning, we were there. Whoever the song I said, I told my daughter Amanda, many years ago, I said, Sometimes some of the greatest songs that God uses the minister who you are songs, that have impacted you and I said, it's obvious. This song has touched your life, it's obvious God. Gave you the song in the night when you needed in the grave.
 Honest. And I said, honey, that will transfer. I said, I told my daughter one time you can you can sound like a screeching cat but if it's transferred from the heart it don't mind her. The Acoustics. What matters is is the Holy Ghost. Yes, coming out of the year and being poured out on somebody else, it was in my daughter realize it didn't matter. She cried the Miller show you
 Didn't matter our boy screams a little bit because she didn't hit the keys. Just why what matters is that? That song for a lot of me?
 To the congregation.
 And I told Whitney, I said it's going to do. You want?
 It's already done. You heard her testify with tears or offer Face.
 It's already doing it and I'm telling y'all. Some of you need to be on an altar saying, thank you for carrying me. Thank you, too and I was depressed.
 Rejected you carried me? When I was, neglected, you carried me? I don't know what time God's ever carried to, but show it, show it by his presence up in this house this morning, if you didn't, I
 Hard. Say, thank you, God. That you carried me when I could carry myself. Amen. I don't sing it again. And I will ask how many of you
 Ever find yourself asking, dog, worries me it, has anybody done that in recent days with your hand of God, where you then the rest of your life?
 How do you say?
 As a youth group in Tennessee and now we're still saying it in Greensboro Georgia. Amen. Listen to the song. It says, he'll Lord, if you need help, these a call away and they listen to this.
 Real quick.
 We're glad for the word of God. And for the Bible, say Glory Glory.
 Children, children, children, all the children in his class enrollment Bible schools, ladies, hold a piece of paper out of town. They got Patrols.
 the Bible says, let the redeemed of the Lord say so, and by the way, all the kids are leaving, he made it or the churches, but I all let the redeemed of the Lord say, so,
 I forget what I do then you ought to just let the devil know who sighs you really, don't, you know what grades does praise. Let the devil know we're paying Allegiant and giving homage to one person and that's gone. Amen. And so every now and then you just need a good, praise break a man every now and then you just need to break loose and just praise God. And I just want to let you know that praise and celebration is in very much or around here, and we don't have a bit of problem.
 what you saying hallelujah we don't have a bit of problem that you saying glory to God, we don't have problems with you raising your hands and and something your feet and even taking a lap if he gets real good but just be sure you're rapping for Jesus cause you ain't you liable to break a leg but we'll do it for Jesus to remind you of that because sometimes I think the devil steals, our praise and tries to steal our joy and then
 We come to church and and with can't even say Glory or a men who can't even work on key. So I want you to know that you can give God the glory. First said no chapter number 30, I want you to look with me out of story that I started preaching on last week. God gave me one morning early. I got up and was praying and seeking may God just gave me a word and I want to give you today and it came to pass when
 Not even all this mean what kind of sick lag on the third day that the amalekites had invaded? The South I don't miss who invaded the South the amalekites and ziklag and smitten, thick line and burned it with fire. What sounds from me you don't hate me and I taken captive women or taking the women captives that were there in. They slew not even great or small but carry them away and went on
 Their way. In other words, they went into this shitty David, and his men had been a vital and while they were gone, the enemy came in the amalekites and they came into town and they burned the houses down and they took all the women and children is all the member on the battlefield fighting and they took him off. The Bible says, in verse 3 and David. And his men came to the city and behold, it was burned with fire and their wives and their sons and their daughters were taken captive. First of all,
 Then David and the people that were with him, lifted up their voice and wept until I understood that there's got to be a nun till woman in your life. He will never get healed until you get to a nun. Kill moment, you've got to get to that point to say untilled, I can't wait no more. They had no more power to weed. I don't know if you've ever been there honey, but I had when you wear to your eyes look like somebody punched.
 You with a punching bag and they were swole up like pigs on the end of your eyelids. I have wept to my eyes were swollen so bad I could only see out of them. But can I tell you? David said, the men well until they could weep no more than the Bible goes on to say in verse number 6, and David was greatly distressed. I want to stop right there for just a minute. I looked at word distress and no doubt. He would be distressed.
 I got something to give you from the Lord. No doubt he wants to stress. The Bible says that he was greatly distressed. What? Just a little bit of pressure. It was great pressure. It wasn't just a little bit of trouble. It was great trouble. Notice for the Bible says, he was greatly distressed. I look the work of stress. It is an adjective. When it's used in the word, distressed is.
 It's used as an adjective. It means to suffer from anxiety to suffer sorrow and pain it to be impoverished. If it's used of furniture. Or clothing, the word distress, you ever heard of the stress, he's a Furniture under stress couch. If the choose the furniture or clothing, it means it Bears, the marks of age and it mayor's to marks of where, can I ask you a question? Have you ever been so,
 Begin to affect the way you looked at the affected to, countless it, affected your wrinkles, in your skin. I looked in a mirror other day. I said deal or I will have to have some of that we can lift the stuff. One day man, I found it older. I get a longer my head gets and the bigger my ears, get my behavior, my eyes get my bigger, my stomach clocked over there, somebody's with the rocks are so y'all
 But he'll catch up my stretch marks. From, where old him, he can fight battles. Now, it's also used in a verb form to me to afflict with great pain. David was afflicted with great pain, toned-down, he had anxiety or sorrow, he in trouble, he had worried he had bother
 Pressure on him, he had stress and strain on it. You put the word means in a vertical distress means to be embarrassed. David was embarrassed that while he was on the battlefield, fighting the enemy Round Shot. That possessions, can I ask you a question? What are they want to be worse than that? Here's a Mighty Warrior fighting for Israel. And he goes home is old Pals is in distress, is whole house is in Ruins.
 He's looking at her ass huh? Actions of people and he's just absolutely embarrassed. It was so bad. Verse 6 says it this way and David was greatly as I'm going somewhere, y'all gonna hate women because it ain't always gonna be depression. I got some good news to give you before we get done. Eleanor say glory to God and the people Spate of stoning him because the soul, no sir, why don't want to Stony their souls cream. Can I tell you didn't say they're mine was created in say there.
 It's at their soul tree. You know what he's saying? He said the emotional part of it was speaking. The emotional part I was lashing out at payment that they were looking at David saying, it's your fault that our women and children are gone. It's your fault that our sons are gone. It's not our fault. It's your fault and they said, we almost all you and leave you for dead. You know, it's one thing when you're going under pressure yourself, but when everybody else starts putting the blame on you,
 You it really gets intense in. I mean it's just you with the pressure, he can handle it. If you're pressuring yourself, you know how much pressure to put on yourself? But if somebody else is putting pressure on you and somebody else some people that you thought would be your closest Ally has turned their back, it puts stress on you that you don't know how to recover from David was under such a load that he didn't know what to do. So he did what only a person can do in that.
 But they had a lot to do some friction right here. Hallelujah. In my britches are stay up. I'm not letting you get that belt. Listen, and listen, but David encouraged himself in the Lord. His God. David said, I don't have the choir, do, encourage me. I don't have a large congregation to encourage me. I don't have friends to encourage me. I don't even have my closest preachers to encourage me.
 He said everything around me is turned upside down, but there's one thing I can do, when I can't find encouragement from that direction, I can find it from that direction and he encouraged himself in the Lord. I will ask you a question. How many of you have been in the stress lately? You don't know how you do.
 What time was he under stress? But honey, I'll come to tell you. Why don't you turn to the wall? And it'll give you strength to fight the battle and, and encourage yourself in the one that said, I will show how one that's devil. Also, find the one who shot people to have for crutches, what does not good shit to him? And his wisdom is beyond all comparison. His MO is map unsearchable. His power is what happened. I said, why don't you encourage yourself?
 You might not find encouragement at the church house, you might have find encouragement at your house. You may not find it Courage been on the job. But honey, I got news for you. You encourage yourself in the Lord and the goodness of the Lord.
 You don't know what to do that.
 They have been winning now after mile, after mile, after mile, they were victorious, man. And all of a sudden he said, I didn't go home, the me and load up, six hundred, Miley me and warriors Killers men. That knew how to get a hold of the sword and beat the enemy. All that know how to come capture and conquer.
 They're heading home. I can see one of those men on the horse saying that there's smoke coming from our Direction over there. There's a way that that looks like a whole place, and I can see David kick that pork and start picking up speed. I don't know if you can hear him as he starts speaking under his way up. And she says, oh my can't be surely, that's not sick, like, surely that's not.
 Surely that's not where my family is Sherman. And as it got closer, the smoke is billowing up in the air. I said Somebody's to stay with me. Let's smoke battling up in the air and all of a sudden David realizes his worst nightmare while he was on the battlefield. Fighting for Israel. Satan was fighting for his house.
 While he was doing his best to run the race, the enemy was attacking and its own home. When David showed up in town, he looked on that place. He saw Nothing But Smoke and Ashes and then what the soul, inside his house is burnt to the ground. And the Bible said it was so bad that they took every child, they took every son, they took every wife of these men and these me and again,
 Can I ask you a question? What's wrong with showing a little emotion? I'm a big, I got problems. When people said well, I just don't think me. I'm gonna tell you something. I get affected. It stays on me a long time running. No women say that. I have to shake things off every now and then but bathing in begin to weep. I don't, you know this I believe God has given us the permission in this text to show a little bit more motion every now and then, you just gotta let it out, honey. A woman to let it out my man, I'm trying to hold it in and it pours and just show one
 And they get bigger over time, as a matter of fact in baby situation, no, people around him and gotten better over and they started blaming somebody. That's what baroness does that. We hold it in your hand and you begin to meditate on it and just say do it produces a spirit of bitterness in you put a spirit of resentment on you and puts a spirit of nature to poke. It's not what God intended for you, honey. He intended for you to be free of bitterness, he intended for you.
 I've been gypped but listen to me. You got to stop for a minute and realize the impact of what he saw shook it to his core. I don't know if you've ever will because honey, the Bible said they wear, these were my teammate and he for Troy trained. Fighters have a weakened. They realize they could win this battle. It was too big for the other. The other thing was too strong, but honey, can I stop and pay you? They wear until they could we
 Eat no more. They put it all out with God and then became a nun till moment. Can I ask you a question and you come to that, um, kill Moment In Your Eyes. One moment of saying, when you decided to not go to keep rehashing it that you're not going to type about it anymore, you're not gonna talk about it just because every time you did it, make you mad. You got to come to kill moment and say I hate them what, sorry to play action. I hate repair.
 Are you showing funny? One thing I came to myself?
 I'm bothered by.
 Sometimes I can control but sometimes I get bothered by. Hey, came out of nowhere. I'll give you a proposition. Cannot do that same, man. I believe it's in for my shoulder. I didn't preach his last week, but I'm going to preach today.
 Every Christian, I'm preaching to somebody, maybe not, you may be with me. Every Christian will find. There are times when they get hit with the unexpected. Covid-19 was that way. Nobody saw that coming. We heard a little Rama's of people being sick in China on the evening news, I somewhere else.
 Then I started hearing Rumblings of people start to die over there.
 When it's over there.
 And then before, you know it Trump standing up saying, what need to curtail all quiet out of China. Boy that through the Democrats in alarm. Well, praise
 You're funny holiday does something he's prejudiced when he don't do it, he's slowing the cowboy. The man ain't got no happy medium. He does everything he can to make it right but it's always opposition. You don't wiggle reason why he's getting such opposition and I'll say what I heard somebody else saying I agreed with it, I believe that he's done more for the church. Listen to me over the past presidents of my lifetime that I can remember any president doing a church. I never had a president.
 I've never had a president stand up and say the churches are going to be considered essential workers so they can go back to worshiping God. I never had a president stand up to put his hand up. So I got you back over here, I'm gonna help you opened up certain Financial Avenues. So churches with Me Shelter, the economic concert I'd say I've never had a president who's to say. You can't believe it.
 I think we all get a little political here because honey, if you're gonna go out there and pull the pole for somebody at leaves and stronger, a little babies in the womb and you'll even pull the phone for somebody and agreed with alternative lifestyle and being okay, it's not okay.
 This morning we got something to say hey man, every Christian will find her times in their life when they get hit with the unexpected I will give you this as pay to get good. I'll be when you have had all you possess go up in smoke. When you had all you up, take it away. There are five reactions, you can take the, how am I preaching to myself right here. Young women show you my number one, the first
 In is this you must reflect on past victories when you are so discouraged that you want weird, you need to start thinking about what God's done in your past when David encouraged himself in the Lord, you don't even doing. He was thinking about a time when he didn't have a family, he was thinking about a time when he didn't have any children, he was thinking about a time when he would just sit on the outside of nowhere. And nobody knew his name. Nobody knew he was even on the map.
 But God sent a prophet out there in the middle of the Wilderness should to say they are going to anoint you as a king can I stop and tell you David started thinking I've been anointed by God. I've been anointed to do what God called me to do. Hey listen to me when you get discouraged like about that anointing God gave your life. If you're a Christian, you got that annoyed and honey, don't the Holy Ghost came to live inside of you, Holy Spirit thingy.
 In our country and tell you that you ain't even know it.
 Hey Hinata to the sir but he's anointed you to infer. God, I say David remind himself of the time when he was hurt nobody and God saying I'm Gonna Make You Unstoppable but your hands together.
 Beard and whipped his beard and towing, limb from limb, like it was a little Old Goat. He encouraged himself in the Lord and past victories. Can I ask you one question, what has God done for you? In the past? That was so miraculous. And so big and ought to make. You look at your present environment and your present shaving and say, you know what, if he brought me through my head, this is chump change compared to that.
 Why I'm here don't even Stack Up mere. What the hell and pressure was I had back there and the same Godly came through back that I said, going on top. Thank God. It came through over here and the same God with me over here.
 Your marriage together over here. You needed some for your babies over there. Give you what you need for your baby over here. I said somebody
 Remember, you are under Divine protection.
 The whole city park. I will break all this message. So if y'all got some money, go, we'll talk to you later same and I won't finish today by God's grace. This is part 2. I didn't get to this.
 David said, look at what I'm looking at here, what they could have done.
 He could have went and got his pistol, put it in his mouth and blow his running out forgot something. He could be going to blow his brains out. But you know what? David did. David said, I got, I got to reflect on what God did in my past and what doc did back there. He knew up here, but here's what I need to know. I need to know in the midst of all this. It's God with me, he'll about will says he didn't look at this.
 David Hotel. See this take part of this because something is, this is where most people miss it, when it comes to encourage themselves in the Lord. And David did what? And David it was. What's next word? That's not a Biblical y'all, good sign. I meant about English people say, amen and David inquired at the old. So what they did they would stop and bound his knee and said, you know what? Something this is mind-boggling. Something this Earth shattering
 And something that's got my heart, torn apart, like this desires mean a meal and talk to em and they even stopped and prayed. I got news for you honey. I know we're in this text and I see God say, well, I don't think you can come in today. I'm busy. Let's make an appointment next Thursday, and you can come in next Thursday, and see me now. I know you may die cancer before they and I know you may get discourage before they hung up your marriage may fall apart. But you need to hold all cuz I got a long
 Mr. People waiting to get in my office and when David asked the Lord, the Lord was waiting with his here, like this. And I'm hearing every word, David, but I'm not obligated to go.
