Good morning, everybody. Listening to our feet, and begin to Worship the Lord a new song.
You're the only answer to the darkness. You're the only right among the wrong. You're the only hope of monkey boys. Calls me louder than Eli. My sword hitting every find, the truth will take place.
Your name over the target for the captain's, Mercy For The Broken, your name is in the struggle, my he will let us know his name.
Your name is Howard.
 I don't know, it is written for certain. I know that the word never fails, I know that in every situation you speak the power to prevent louder than rely, my sword in every fight, the truth will chase away,
 Darkness struggle. He will let us know your name.
 You speak. You scared of darkness by the rising Heaven opens. Holy spirit. Let us hear it. When you speak the church way, we believe that change is coming. Holy spirit. That is see you. Speak it scared. The holy spirit.
 That change is coming. Holy spirit. Let us see.
 Your name is, your name is how your name is Amy. Thank you so much for being here this morning to give the Lord a hand maybe season.
 Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Lakeside. My name is David, some, the student Pastor here, and we just want to say, welcome. And thank you so much for joining us today for worship one quick announcement. If you're visiting with us today or you would like some more information about Lakeside Church, we invite you to stop by our connection desk out in the lobby. We have information on ways you can serve on how you can get involved with a group and if you are a visitor, we have a connection card. And if you fill that out with us today, will give you a little gift. Saying, thank you so much for joining us today and then be able to follow
 With you and see if there's a way you can get plugged in here at Lakeside Church. You do see a lot of students in the front of the room. We had a great weekend of disciple now weekend this year. If you don't know what D now is it's a weekend where our students we get together with about five, other churches in the lake area and we have worship small groups. They stayed at Host homes. So if, you know, their hosts home leaders by McAfee, give them a pat on the back. Say, thank you so much because one of our hosts, Psalms had a 14, 14 of our
 He's staying at one host home this weekend, so if you know, Chad and Ami pain, Tom, thank you, give him a hug and yeah, give her a round of applause that I say that. And I just pray that, you know, they'll still speak to me after this weekend. So it was incredible, that we had a great time. We had a great D now weekend and I just want to say thank you as a church. We enter into our time of generosity and ties and offering and giving every week. But you're giving if
 Every want to see where it goes. Look up in the front of the room today. And you see these students disciple now is an event that can only take place because of your radical generosity. And the ways that you give and the ways that you support this church, support our children's ministry and they support our student Ministry and an awesome way. And this is just a week where you can literally look right out in front of you and see that. And so we just want to say thank you so much. We have three ways to give here at Lakeside and they're all on the envelope in the back of the seat. And so you
 A look at that but you can give in that envelope. Drop it off in the baskets, in the back of the room, you can give online at Lakeside Church, shot WS. Or you can set up a text to give option. And we always say that we don't care how you give here at Lakeside. We just want to say, thank you so much for your giving because of the ways that you give were able to do things like disciple now weekend and were able to have these incredible worship Services each and every week. So this time, we're going to pray over our service prayer, Our tithes and offerings and continue with worship. Dear Lord, thank you for today. Thank you for the
 Opportunity to gather here and Worship You Lord, we thank you for D. Now, we thank you for these students. Lord, I pray that the work that you started in their lives. This weekend will continue that as we learned about taking a pause to spend intentional time with you, that that will be something that they didn't just hear about for a couple of sessions and move on but that'll be something that they Implement into their lives orders. We collect our tithes and offerings today use those as you see fit to continue to advance your gospel message to the ends of the
 The Earth be was a be with us in this service. Be with the worship team. Be with pastor Kevin, as he brings the message open. Our hearts open, our minds and allow us to hear from you. It's your name we pray. Amen.
 Anton's journey and getting lost by mistake. What looks to me like mean his his canvas for your strength, my story isn't over. My story has just begun if you want to find me. That's what my father does. Oh feel, you want to find me? That's what my father does.
 Check his shame and sin ain't welcome anymore.
 It's not where you are. Everyone, perfect. You just wanted my hand. The story isn't over. If the story is never find when fathers in know, Viv never find all
 Sling. Why love is on take place? Oh, Jericho. Wild prey strongholds now. Shake it.
 Check your shape.
 He's down. Check your shit. Out the door. You're sitting. Welcome in Ybor in the father's house.
 This weekend, I had the wonderful pleasure to lead in these students in worship, man, just to see, kind of the start of how things went on Friday night to see the freedom that these kids have throughout the week and many churches uniting as one to come together under the common. Cause of Christ is really special.
 What a great group of students. A great ministry is going on here. I'd like. So, it's something we talked about this week. This song Run to the father was a song that we sang a lot, this weekend.
 I want you guys to know that, as our last song talked about the prodigals coming home. This song says the same thing that we should come home to the father, when the prodigal son was gone, he found himself at the lowest of the low eventually living with pigs saying, man, my father's the worst people in My Father's House are doing a lot better than I am.
 When that prodigal son, came home, his father was looking for his father was looking for him and then he ran to him. So today you may be in a place where you say, man,
 You don't know what I've done. You don't know where I've been. You don't know the sins. They got a grip on me right now, but God does he's still looking for you? He's still running after. He's ready to get that ring in that robe out. Say, welcome home, son or daughter?
 So today our prayers that you would cast your cares at the Throne of God just say I can't do this alone. God I need you sing a song. This is I'm carried a burden for too long on my dime wasn't real.
 It's been very long. I hear you're into a sheet to let it all go dice in a lake. And I know that,
 The reason to wait my heart. Needs a surgeon. So needs a friend. So I'll run.
 Mike and I had a plan from the Stars, your son for Redemption, the price for my heart that I don't have a contest.
 For that kind of love, I don't understand can't comprehend. All I know is run to
 My heart has been.
 Long before my first breath running into is running to life from the top. This right deep in my chest do Mercy is God's justice.
 and I know,
 Pull out onto the fight for me, I'm done with no reason to wait.
 Father this morning wherever where I met the comfort of the Holy Spirit know that there is healing. There is Restoration in a relationship with you.
 We love you, we thank you for that. You'd only see our sins God, you see the cross God, we see our sins. Pray, she was show us the resurrection that you've defeated. All of those things you call us into a deeper relationship with you.
 Plus Kevin is he comes preach your word today. That it be a mouthpiece for you. Today, we love you. Thank you for everything that you do in the life of this church. And life of every individual here today, Jesus name, amen?
 All right. Yeah.
 Hey here's here's what here's what I'm discovering is this we all have stories? Like all of us you come in with a story and it's really cool. This has been a fun series just so I've been able to hear your stories and how you came to know, Jesus, but here's the day, I want you guys to know you're not alone. Like I hope that some of these folks, they're saying things in your like you know what the hits a chord with me. That's me. You know what I love about that is not everybody has to be the prodigal son to come to know Jesus, right?
 Yeah, I mean, that's, that's awesome. Like, I, I sit back and I love, I love just the sincerity and the, the sweet obedience because of Grace found in Jesus, in that story. Hey, look, I don't know if you heard one of those songs. That last song we saw it, We Sing My Heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. I don't think we could pick Better lyrics for where we're camping out today. I'm not sure if anybody's ever had surgery. I've had
 jury a timer to absolutely despise it, don't suggest it unless you got to look at what one of my last surgery procedures that I tried to be Shaun, White on the slopes, didn't turn out. Well, for me, you not breaking my wrist, I had to go get this looking at looked at and here's where I've discovered. Yo, look, it's all right. When you first show up, right? Like the surgery itself is not super painful, it's okay. And then you wake up, write like and it's miserable.
 Right? Like your stomach's a little icky. I'm sorry if anybody's having surgery real soon, I'm sorry, I'm not paying a great picture. It's wonderful. No. So like here's the deal for a little while. Here's what they do, they put you in a brace, so like the surgery, and then you have the brace that follows that and then here's what they bring next. These little demons. Now listen, now if your physical therapist, I love you. Right. But like you guys like
 All of a sudden you're bending my hand and places didn't even start out that way, right? Like that's what I discovered. So through that process a and here's here's what I know, they can push those limits because they know that it's possible. Here's the deal. You have a story inside of you that right here, in right here. You may not feel like it's possible but Jesus says, I have more for you.
 Jesus says and do know what you feel like is not possible. Is possible through me. Amen. Look, and here's what I love about that. That last part. My soul needs a friend
 As we start reading this, if you have your Bibles, go ahead turn to Mark to we're going to start at verse 1. If no Biff, no Bible, no big deal, just check it out on the screen. But you'll see this whole story starts with a set of friends and it changes the entire story line because of the friends. And so we're going to dig in here really cool. Mark 2 1 through 12. It says this a few days later when Jesus
 In entered Capernaum. That's the first time I pronounce that right all day long. Just kidding. Right. The people heard that he had come home they gathered in such large numbers that there was no room left, not even outside the door and he preached the word to them. Some men came bringing to him, a paralyzed man carried by for them and since they could not get him to Jesus because of the crowd.
 And they made an opening in the roof above Jesus, by digging through it. And then lowered the mat, the man was laying on timeout who called State Farm in this situation, right? Like, hey, like, do you guys know? I'm a just be a little open with you guys. There are some stories that I read and I'm like, I don't know if I have OCD. I have some weird Tendencies, so like immediately.
 I read this story and I'm like, What's the homeowner say, right to you got some really strong friends to dig a hole in this roof. And then lowered this Joker down. All right, I'm sorry. Let the add stop and let's start digging in again, okay? When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the paralyzed man. And by the way, notice this, when Jesus saw their faith
 There, their faith.
 He said to the paralyzed man. Son, your sins are forgiven. Now, listen, you guys know there's always somebody super religious in a crowd like this. Somebody say no, no, you can't quite do that. So look if we get to hear from them. So it says, now some teachers of the law were sitting there thinking to themselves. Why does this fellow talk like that? He's blaspheming
 Who can forgive sins but God Alone. Hello. God's right here in front of them and they're missing it by a mile.
 Immediately Jesus knew in his spirit that this was what they were thinking in their hearts and he said to them. Why are you thinking these things? Which is easier to say to this paralyzed, man. Hey, your sins are forgiven or to say this, get up, take your mat and walk, but I want you to know the son of man has the authority on Earth to forgive sins. So he said to the man I tell you,
 Get up. Take your mat and go home. So he got up and he took his mouth.
 And he walked out in full view of them. How cool is this like straight up worship party? Breaks down right here, like it starts. People are getting into. It says is this amazed everyone and they praised God saying, we have never seen anything like this church? Are we living lives? Where, when we come in contact with people, they say, wow.
 I don't know many people like this, you're a little different. As a matter of like you like there's something different about you listen. Do we point people to Jesus, is that it? Am I a reflection of Jesus working in me? I sure hope so. I go back and I think about this, have you ever had something so heavy? You ever had a burden? Something that that was just so strong and it maybe it had a hold on. You
 That all of a sudden, it was released knowing the ability that Jesus could remove it. Did you go to him? Did you see him remove it did healing come from it and what was the response? Listen our sermon in a sentence is this a story built on? Jesus brings healing and Direction, a story built on. Jesus brings healing and direction again. Jesus will meet you right where you are.
 But he's always going to point you someplace. Look, you don't have to, what's crazy. You don't have to know all the details. You just need to know he's pointing you closer to him, right? And he's going to point you in move you in that direction. Look, when I start reading the scripture, here's one of the first things, I think of a faithful friend points towards Jesus, a faithful friend points towards Jesus. Hold on, the Faithful Friends. Proverbs 17:17, says, is a friend loves at all times. Now anybody that has some close friends. This next part is going to be
 Like you know what, that's it. Hey, because it says this and a brother is born in adversity, how many of you have had friends stick with you? In adversity? How many of you have had friends stick with you when it got tough? How many of you had friends? Abandon you? When tough times came? Yeah, I love that. This is the crowd. I get to hang out with today because it's such a diverse group here. Here's the deal, I could sit back and I could pull some of our son.
 Of our older Saints, you know, and talk about and y'all could preach on this. I could just move out of the way. Y'all can preach about this having friendships that are faithful in that really bring people in that stick around even in adverse situations. So, some of my younger crowd, you're seeing this play out, and you're in this place right now where you're like, listen, this is who I want to hang out with, but this is who's faithful.
 That's a, that's a hard situation. I appreciate you sharing that Riley. I go back and I think about this illustration, my, I was reading a book, one time, a guy named John wheeze, he's a pastor in Kentucky, he wrote this, he said when I was growing up, my parents were the most faithful people I'd ever seen and like, my parents had a faithful heart is what he said. It was it odd for us to be running some place on a Sunday morning, our to school. And we would be late because my dad would be changing,
 Tire on the side of the road, right? It wouldn't be on like, like a lot of parents would discourage people to pick up homeless people from the road. My parents is what he said. My parents constantly, picked up hitchhikers and weird hitchhikers, right? He's like, he's like, it wasn't odd that my parents would bring people into our house in like from just crazy places and we would hear stories. He said, one time there was this refugee
 E from war-torn Vietnam. And I remember, we sat down at the dinner table. Her name was cuck, said that she had Polio when he when she was younger and because of it, her leg was kind of formed a little different. It had been weakened and it was noticeable. She used to tell this story when she was in Vietnam, here's what happened. People would pinch her leg and shame her because this, they believe in reincarnation, right? And in reincarnation, they believe that in the past
 She must have brought shame on an ancestor so they were still punishing her today. Y'all listen to this? How many of us have this label that either? Somebody tells us, we are are either. We tell ourselves, we are and we walk around and it's just this massive shame.
 How can God work in me?
 Can you can you not see that I'm a mess?
 Can you not see that? I'm broken? And was crazy. We reveal it. Like you just reveal your leg. Look at this. Look at this.
 Can God move here.
 Said that, that it was even tougher cuck because she would go out and her friends and family, that we're now in America would always say, don't you, dare go to that family's house, right. Like they're Christians, we don't do that. And she said, that one day, the so they started making fun of her. He said, listen, now some of you are going to know this because we got some strong Southern Mama's in here, praise the Lord. Right listen she said he said that I had a mama that was five foot two but us
 You're agile, giant. You know what I'm talking about? Look is he says this, he says that my mom came in on that conversation and put it into it real quick. You know, I'm talking about, praise the Lord for people that are bold enough in their faith to put an end to where things are not righteousness, right? Hey here's here's where I'm going to keep going with this. It says that the mom had her over and that night here's what she said.
 Look, I want you to know that we have a lord and savior.
 That heals paralyzed men that takes shriveled hands and makes them whole.
 That makes people that once walked with a limp one day, perfect, restored, renewed, and gives them hope started telling story after Story and he said, the next thing I know this lady that was from war-torn Vietnam, that had always wore this label of Shane's surrendered, her life to Jesus. He says, I look forward to the day that I get to walk into heaven with her and see her walk with
 Out a limp but just see her, right? Like, how cool is that? Hey listen, if you walked in here today, let me tell you this, you walked in here. Limping some way shape or form. Now you hide it pretty well. Like, some of you, you got it together but look, if you're anything like me, I'm just letting you know. Look, I'm a broken mess. I'm a bright. That's crazy that the pastor says, I'm a mess, right? Because here's the deal, I am without Jesus. Jesus restores me. Jesus.
 Kills me, Jesus heals me, Jesus Takes my shame, this whole identity that I built on and he says, hold up, you are son or daughter. That was pretty gross. Just in case first row here, I get into it, I get into and look, here's what I sit back and think about this, all right, as I'm starting to break this down and we dig in the scripture, turn to mark two with me again, one through four and it says this a few days.
 Later when Jesus again entered Capernaum, the people heard that he had come home, they gathered in such large numbers. There was no room left, not even outside the door and he preached the word to them. Some men came bringing to him, a paralyzed man carried by for them and since they could not get him to Jesus because of the crowd, they made an opening in the roof above Jesus, by digging through it. And then,
 Lowered. The mat, the man was lying on. If you guys were to show me the top four people, you hang out with. Here's what I could tell you. I could tell what your influence by. I could tell that maybe what some of your struggles might be. You know what, if I met the top three or four people, you hung out with, I would not even have to meet you and I could tell you a lot about your personality am I right? Yeah. Now listen mamas, mamas and daddies know this. Right? My teacher for asthma education.
 Jim friends. Y'all see this? Play out all the time, right? Anybody that's worked with teenagers, it's crazy. I remember sitting back and watching students come up. Here's one of the things I would remember. Ooh, please don't hang out with that kid, right? That sounds really bad. Like I'm glad that kid was at church, but the truth of the matter is, and you guys know this and bring you down
 and man, it would sit back and it would break my heart because I would see students fall for these same things. Here's what I've discovered adults. You're not immune to this, not immune to this, y'all know, I still, I can get around certain adults in hold up my whole attitude shifts.
 The way I taught the way, the way that I act, and here's what I come back to is this, am I a faithful friend and do I surround myself by Faithful Friends? Because look, if I'm a faithful friend, I'm always pointing people to Jesus. I want to serve them, I want to love them. I want to call people from time to time when they come. And just like no doubt when they, when they hits my mind that I think about them, I'll usually send them a text and say, hey man, just thinking about you praying for you. Love you, man.
 Listen, faithful friendships change. How many of you have friends like that and how many of you are friends like that? Because here's what happens. All of a sudden when one of us starts doing that, guess what? We start having this community that says back and says hold up we're different now we're the church, we're outside these walls, it's different for us. These guys cared so much more their friends. They were willing to dig a hole in the roof, right?
 Right? I have a lot of friends that pray for me. I don't know if I have any friends that would put a hole in the roof for me, right? Not even that like I don't even know if I would want to be lowered down in ra from a roof.
 I keep thinking look church if there's anything that we can offer friends and family, it's always pointing them to the Healer. It's always bringing them back to Jesus. Look, I love this. They never said, just get better guy. You know what they did? They walked with him, they walked with him. How many of you have? Righteous friends, Faithful Friends that are walking with you in.
 The struggle.
 How many even even more than that, that do you notice this in the middle of this? If you turn and you look at Matthew 9 1 through, to listen what it says, Jesus stepped into the boat crossed over and came into his own town. Some men brought to him a paralyzed man lying on a mat, and when Jesus saw their faith, he said y'all read this with me. He said, to the man, take heart son, your sins are forgiven, did you notice that? It said, their friends faith.
 He noticed the friends Faith before he even noticed. This gentleman that was lying on a mat guys. Your faith in your friends and family it matters, they took him to Jesus and they watched what Jesus did church. Pray for your friends, pray for your family. Jesus is alive, he's moving, he hears your prayers. Look here's the deal. That second thing is this Jesus makes it personal.
 Jesus makes it personal look what I think so cool about that. It seems as though this gentleman look as he was lowered down, it seems as though he was a little scared here, right? Like he was a little afraid and what does Jesus say? Hold on, take heart. This reminds me when Jesus comes out and he says, listen, he says my yoke is easy, my burden is light. I wonder if this guy, he's just upset, maybe.
 Be scared. Maybe he realizes that he's a sinful man and all over all of a sudden he's around somebody greater than he is. What if that's it, right? What if he's looking at it? Like Peter situation, where Jesus comes to Peter, fills, this boat full of fish, realizing that Jesus is able to do something. That's possible that he's not able to do. So, he stands back and he says, Lord, get away from me because I'm a simple man. Maybe that's this guy right here.
 This guy that's lying on a map.
 This mat right here. Listen, the world says this, this is your shame. This is your identity. Let me give you an example. They probably didn't go around and be like, hey, you know what? That's Jake.
 People probably said.
 Hey, you know that family that has that paralyzed kid.
 The one that can't walk the, the one you always see. Maybe you see him from time to time and he's always on that mat.
 He makes this all of a sudden is crazy. Like, this is, this is his identity. This is what he was used to, in. Jesus makes it personal. What does he call him? He doesn't call him. He doesn't call him. Hey, listen. The paralyzed kid, right? He doesn't even call him by his name. Do you know what he says?
 Son.
 Son, take heart.
 Take heart and look, he even makes it more personal. Your sins are forgiven. Do you notice this? He deals with the heart issue before he ever gets to the physical issue.
 He deals with the burden that's in here. Some of, you know, this look, you came in the church, I say this all the time because here's the deal, you came in to church this morning thinking, oh my, what am I doing in this place?
 Right.
 And again maybe some of you walked in here with a little bit of a limp or maybe you were Dragged In Here by your Grandmama, your granddaddy your mama, your dad, whatever that looks like and you came in here kicking and screaming. And you're thinking, oh, if they only know,
 Here's the deal. Jesus does know.
 He does know, I love the saying Jesus. Jesus knows your sin, because you, by your name,
 Satan knows your name because you by your sin.
 And we we listen to that we listen to that. Y'all know who I'm talking about boy we just wear that we just like listen just so you know sinful. I'm I'm not a good dude I don't even I'm only here because they dragged me here you know and then you're like this
 Here's the deal. Maybe it's this something happened to you years ago.
 You had no control over all, you had no control over and I am so. So sorry. And I'm letting you know this it breaks. Jesus heart that something like that happened to you.
 Here's what I know. That doesn't just go away.
 Maybe you made a decision. Maybe it was a reckless decision, maybe it was a weak moment. Maybe you've been living in a weak moment for a long time. And so you just say, you know what, this is just who I am. Look, it's just who I am. I'm just, I'm just doing what I'm naturally created to do and so you just wear it.
 And that's it.
 And then all of a sudden, one day you find yourself in front of Jesus and he makes it personal. And he says on daughter, take heart.
 That mistake, you made.
 That burden that's on you I can lift it please just come to me.
 Son daughter. You keep running back to this in the shame just continues to grow. I can rid you of that burden. Amen! Amen. And I come back and I just want to read read this part right here.
 I love, I love that. We get to see this Jesus. How cool is this? Jesus God in flesh, right? Like we know the whole story, the friends only knew Jesus as a miracle worker as an incredible teacher. I had they knew that fast forward. We know a little bit more to the story. We know that he's got son, we know that he went to the Cross, he lived a perfect life. Went to the Cross was a sacrifice so that we could have Heaven people.
 So that shame could die so that our identity no longer is our burden. It's no longer our pain. Our identity is Jesus, Jesus crucified. Amen. And I go back and I think about this look, Jesus begins to move beyond our pain. Let me say this. Do you go back and read that scripture with me? If you go back and look at marketing, it can we can we turn that Mark to 11 and 12. I tell you. Get up take right, Get Up, Stand.
 Up. Take your mat and go home. He leaves them with three commands, get up take him out, go home.
 Get up, take your mat and go home.
 Can I just say this? Some of us?
 Some of us you come in here.
 And here's the deal.
 Some of us were just stuck in apathy. We're just used to living like this, and this is who we are. And so Jesus, I don't need that.
 Some of us we come in here and you know, you're broken.
 And you cannot see or Envision a life where you won't feel like this.
 So we stay and we just keep hoping for hope.
 And I want you to know this. Jesus says yes.
 Stand up.
 Stand up.
 You keep struggling with with alcohol, you keep struggling with addiction. You keep struggling with pornography, you keep struggling with lust, you keep struggling, with whatever it may be.
 Jesus says, you do not have to keep this stand up. Francine makes it personal the first step for some of us in walking out. Our faith is this right here.
 Stand up believing that Jesus can take what we've done.
 Our burdens are shame and we can simply stand up. Now, some of you been living in the stand-up moment for years. You brought him in, he's you he's your savior.
 But this sweet obedience that comes from the grace of the Cross is something that we're struggling with guys. Here's the second command. You remember, get up
 Take your mouth.
 Take this this shame. This burden. This label. This whole thing that people said that you are
 take it.
 Take your mouth.
 Take your burden, take your shame.
 There's this thing that comes with obedience surrender to this grace that God gives us where all of a sudden. This whole thing that used to define me all my struggles, all my addiction, all my doubts, all whatever fill-in-the-blank. All my bad decisions, the decisions that I keep seeming to make this whole past of something that happened to me, this abuse, this whatever fill-in-the-blank. Here's the deal, there's a lot of it.
 And I want you to realize this, take your man.
 You don't have to lay there anymore.
 This does not have to be your identity anymore. As a matter of fact, I become your identity instead. When people look at you, they're not going to think hey you know what there's that whatever, fill in the blank instead they're going to think there's that follower of Jesus there's that guy or there's a girl that lives out Christ. And you know what instead of this being something that all of a sudden is your identity all of a sudden you sit back and you say, Hey listen I'm leaving here today.
 No longer going to be the same but I'm gonna live this out as though, Jesus healed me. And you know what, you can have victory over this. You don't have to continue saying, hey you know what, the labels that people gave me in middle school and high school. Those things that your parents said to you, that honest-to-goodness was not wholly, and it was not godly, but it stuck with you and it's in your head. You know what you've been carrying around for way too long. Let me tell you, if you a switch up to the story, all of
 of a sudden you say this, Look what Jesus allowed me to overcome.
 Look what I gave over to Jesus. Look how he changed me. All of a sudden. This is no longer me. It's Jesus. Amen.
 And I love what he says at the end. He doesn't say this. Hey, you know what? He doesn't just say, get up and take your mouth. What's he say? Go home, go home, parents. Grandparents students kids everybody that's in here right now, I want you to hear this. He says go home for a reason, go home, tell them what I did here for you today. You don't have to be silent about it. Look, Moses wrote about it, in the Old Testament, hang these things on the whole wall.
 Let them know that God moved in this place. Jesus constantly heals people, you know what he says? Go show everybody and immediately he says right here, go home parent. Now listen I'm going to step on some toes here and just know I love you.
 Parents. The church is a beautiful tool. It is a gift from God. Parents hear me. It is not Davis's responsibility to lead your kids. To Jesus parents, hear me out. Listen, I know this is difficult. The church is beautiful. It's a wonderful tool. It is not Carol. Ann's job to lead your kids to Jesus, you know, whose responsibility that lands on
 You.
 And here's the beautiful thing behind it, all the gifts of Grace that you showed, your family is the same Grace that Jesus has shown you all of a sudden when you can show empathy and compassion and still walk in obedience, understand the still disobedience is sweet, it's because of Grace. We don't just leave obedience at the door and say, stay there. No, no, no, no.
 But it's walking in this sweet obedience. This is look at what Jesus has done. God's. You need this it's sitting back. Listen, you know, what's so beautiful about this? Look, we are all at, we're all broken, right? It's about saying this. You know what? This is who I was, this is what I did and it's grabbing. Your wife's hand is grabbing your husband's hand. Just grabbing your kids hand to his saying. Let's pray together. Let's walk through this together. Look there's some bottles that are going
 On right now, help that come with me, look will lead the way. Jesus will lead the way and then we go walk differently. There's a guy named Kyle I don't mean they wrote a book is called not a fan and what I love about it is this he started interviewing parents that wish that they could have done something a little different in raising their kids. This is what I wish I would have done, this is what they say.
 We raised her to look right on the outside but we didn't teach her about the inside.
 We taught her to keep all the rules, but she never really had a relationship. We made her feel guilty for the wrong thing, she did, but somehow she miss God's Amazing, Grace.
 We taught her to be a fan of Jesus, instead of a follower of Jesus.
 Parents, we got work to do students. You guys come in here and not all your parents go to church.
 There's a there's something that Jesus is calling you to do. You have a message to bring that brings freedom to your parents? Can I just tell you this? I have watched Jesus work in my life so much that I've seen my parents come to a place in Jesus that I never expected them to go. I watch my brother who I trust me. Listen, I thought I was wild and crazy. My brother was a whole different low level of wild and crazy. You know what? I've watched him surrender.
 To Jesus, I've watched Jesus change him because of this, not because of the rules that Jesus brings into his life. But because of the freedom, that Jesus produce on the cross, that allows him to walk in obedience.
 I sit back and I think about this stand up, take your mat and go home.
 Stand up, take your mat and go home. Here's how we do this versus this. Be a faithful friend. Be a faithful friend. It really? I sounds like easy but it's not whenever you actually show up to school on Monday or work on Monday, that's not easy. Look, pray for others to come alongside you pray that the Lord gives you somebody else. So you don't have to keep walking this life out lonely.
 Pray this pray for others, encourage others in their walk text people let them know that you're praying for him. You're thinking about and second is this ask for healing that's for healing you know you have some people in your life that would show up for you sometimes if you would just be willing to ask
 How about this? Sometimes we hold onto this so much that we just we're just comfortable with it. We're a pathetic. And so we don't even worry about asking for healing. I'm going to challenge you guys today. In the note cards that are either in front of you are right behind you. If you're on the front row, there's something that I want you guys to write down that deals with healing, that God healed me from addiction. God, be with my spouse in my relationship, be with my kids, working, maybe
 Is a physical thing. God do this maybe even write down something for a friend if you don't have anything to write for yourself. How about this?
 God, I'm broken here.
 God's in is Big right here.
 And it's weighing me down.
 And it's a burden.
 Bring it. Write it down. Nobody has to see it. Folded up, we're not looking. Don't put your name on it unless you want to put your name on it.
 Bring it.
 Shame dies when we invite Jesus into the equation, shame dies. And the third is that whole story ends with people. Praising. Jesus, Praise Jesus, where you're at, Jesus turns, our pain in the praise. Listen to this. The mark 2 verse 12, it says he got up, he took his mouth and he walked out in full view of all them and says this amazed everyone and they praised God, they
 Praise God saying this. We have never seen anything like this.
 Guys.
 Are we different? We're going to just look like the world. Your life can be a story that brings praise to Jesus. Let's allow that. Are you ready? We ready like we were soon we're gonna come out of these walls. Come out these doors and all of a sudden we're either going to walk back into the shame that we came in here with or we can sit back and say Jesus is all yours. We can sit back and we can say, hey,
 Listen, here's this burden. This is me. Or we can say Jesus healed, me. Jesus heals me Jesus Takes my sins, my burdens my pains and it was finished on the cross. Some 2,000 years ago, a mentor Church. All right, all right.
 Let's pray. Jesus, I pray right now that your steering and hearts, Lord, I called people to write stuff down to put it in front of you to sit back and realize you are healer. Lord, that you can move them past the shame in their lives and they don't have to live there anymore. God, I pray for Faithful Friends. I pray that we can be faithful friends that are constantly stretching others to sit back and say come on with me. Lord I pray
 That right now, we just praise you where we're at. That's here right now. But even beyond that, Lord, Let Us Praise You. Where we live? Where we work and where we play. Let Us Praise You as school. Let Us Praise you. Whenever we are outside of just four walls Lord, the church is Way. Beyond here. We take Church wherever we go Lord because you are with us. Let us bring our pain before you and allow.
 Oh, it to turn the praise. We love you. Jesus. Amen.
 There's a stain on our feet.
 This morning, the altars, open the boards are open here. There's a prayer. You need healing that you need to place it on the board.
 Jesus.
 And that leads to me. The thing that we remember,
 No matter. Whether we are the one laying on the mat paralyzed.
 No matter where we are, no matter where we are, whatever person we play in this drama, we need to always remember that. God is so good. He's not good. Depending on our circumstances are in our life, he is good period and will carry us through because of his goodness. Whatever. Situation we find ourselves in as you leave here today. Leave with that song in your head, sing it every day as loud as you want to see it. God is so good.
 Before you leave on our share with you just a few things. First of all, I want to invite you back tonight at 5 p.m. tonight. There's a kind of quarterly southern gospel, singing. And a friend of mine, who works with me with the Billy. Graham Association is here from Virginia and he's going to be sharing tonight at 5 p.m. You will be blessed. I promise you, and you also will laugh a lot because the dudes hilarious. So come back at 5:00 tonight, just come back, sit down and just allow your soul to be refreshed.
 Because Jimmy will do that. So I hope you come back tonight and join us at 5 for that. May 16th is going to be another big day here at Lakeside on. Sunday May 16th. We're calling it. Baptism Sunday. We've got one or two already lined up to be baptized and we want to do more. So if you need to be baptized make plans, let's just go ahead and do it on the 16th and check that off your list. If you have to accept Christ as your lord and savior, then let's take care of that before the 16th and be baptized on the 16th talk.
 Just come see us, garlic connection to ask, we'll get you signed up ready to go. We're praying that that's going to be an awesome day. Also, on that day is our next new members class. We just had one last week. We had six couples attend but we've got about three or four, more couples. I've already said, hey, couldn't make it but want to go to one so Sunday, May the 16th 12:30. We'll have our next new members class have no obligation, but it's the first step to joining the Lakeside family. And that's what we want. We want you to be a part of the family.
 Emily. We are so glad that you're here today. Please go and enjoy some. This beautiful weather come back to see me, 9 and 5 will have a great time together and we're praying that. You just have a great week. Remembering how good God is. We're dismissed. Thanks for coming today.
