Thank you, Jesus.
because with you,
With you.
Lost through the at home with no place to begin.
 Your Love made a way to let Mercy come. When death was arrested in my life that again has redeemed.
 Mom.
 Good morning church. Let's stand to our feet. Has begin to worship, going to lead you to new song this morning. The love of the father is something that's very captivating, the love of Jesus Christ, Our Lives. And today, we hope that that is, what is on your heart and on your mind as you've entered in this place today. Let's begin to work.
 A ship with a new song called The Father's House.
 Sometimes on this journey, I get lost in my mistake. What looks to me like we this is a canvas for your strain. My story isn't over my story's just begun fail. You want to find me. That's what my father does. No Phil, you want to find me?
 That's what my father does.
 They are burning down.
 Here in the father's house, check your shame at the door sitting well anymore.
 You're in the father's house. Rivals. Not the end game. The journeys where you are. You never want it. Perfect. You just wanted my heart and the story isn't over.
 if the story is good failures Haver, findable when the father's in the room,
 whole failure is never final when the father's in the room. Check your shame.
 And there's changes to be made in all of our hearts. Every single day, saying these words Hours prodigals come home. The helpless find whole love is on Boom. When fathers in the room oh prison, do sling wise, the dead come to life. Love is on the pool when the father's
 Oh Miracles, take place. The cynical find faith and love is bringing old Jericho walls, quaking, triangles. Now, shave game. Loves bringing the father's in the room.
 Check your shame, at the door. It ain't will
 Oh, you're burning down here in the father's house. Check your shame at the door cause it ain't welcome here anymore. Who you're in the father's house a house. Amen. Amen.
 Welcome to Lakeside Church, My Name is Davis. On the student. Pastor here, in on behalf of everyone at Lakeside, we just want to say thank you so much for joining us for worship today. Two quick announcements. Number one, if you're visiting with us today, if you like some more information about Lakeside Church, we invite you to stop by our connection. Desk is located in the lobby on your way, out of the doors today. If you are a visitor, we ask that you fill out a visitor connection card, you use that. Fill it out, hand. It back into us, will give you a gift. Saying, thank you so much for joining us today and just be able to
 Follow up with you and see how we can get you plugged in here at Lakeside second announcement. We're still not passing are offering baskets, but they're located in the back of the room, but you can't find a giving envelope in the seat in front of you. And on that envelope, it lists are three ways to give here at Lakeside, which you're using that envelope and dropping it in the basket online at Lakeside Church, dot WS, or setting up a text to give option. You can set that up online and then it's as easy as typing in a number and hitting sin. We don't care how you get here at Lakeside. We just want to say, thank you so much for giving because of your radical
 Generosity were able to do the things that we do here to spread the gospel message in the lake area and to the ends of the Earth. This time, we're going to pray over our ties in offering in our service and continue with Worship. You Lord, thank you for today. Thank you for the opportunity to gather here and worship Your Name. Lord, in this service today, if there's anyone here, who doesn't have a personal relationship with you, I pray that today is the day that they call on the name of the Lord and are saved in Jesus. For those of us who do have a personal relationship with you. I pray that you
 Continue to mold us further into your image to the process of sanctification.
 Lord is we collect our tithes and offerings today use them. As you see fit to further, your gospel message to the ends of the Earth, be with us. In this service, open our hearts open, our minds and allow us to hear from you and see your name we pray. Amen.
 And let's stand to our feet again as we sing.
 I am holding on the steak cause I know you make a way that don't always understand. That don't always get to see double believe it. I will believe it.
 To make you make time for you, you songs of breaks to shake the trees involves and I will speak to my fear. I will preach to my dad that you, you'll be famous.
 I'm standing on your world calling Heaven down to earth. You will fight my enemies in this will end in Victory. Double believe it? Yes, I will believe it shoemaking mountains.
 You songs of praise to shake reason wolves. I will preach to mind that you were, you'll be faithful now that you will be fake.
 you make mountains move, you may change people do
 The songs of praise to shake Prison Walls, that will speak to my feet. I will be Shania.
 Hey man, we sing in the faithfulness of God in our lives. That reminds me of a wonderful old him sing
 Great is thy faithfulness. Is any leads us today?
 My heart.
 In time I see.
 You're Never Gonna Let You Never Gonna Let Me Down.
 You're never gonna, then you're never gonna let me down. You're never gonna bet you. Never, Gonna Let Me Down. You're Never Gonna Leave You.
 You're never gonna.
 Maybe let's give the Lord a hand this morning, wonderful opportunity to rest in the fact that God is good and he is working for those who have been called according to his purpose, we continued this week, our story with Lakeside stories. So today, we have a special story from the Sylvia Harrison, and if you would direct your attention to our screens, you may be seen
 I was raised in a Christian home and was taken to church from the time. I was born and from living in a Christian home, I knew what it was to be a sinner and I also knew what I had to do to get saved. When I was 15 years old, I was attending a Revival and at the end of the service, I found myself standing in front of the pastor, looking up at him and saying, I know that I'm a sinner and I want to ask Jesus to be my Lord and Savior.
 And I also want to be baptized.
 And I know without a doubt that that was the most important day of my life and that was the best that decision that I have ever made. Because as soon as I asked Jesus in my heart, the Holy Spirit came to live within me. And each day, the Holy Spirit, just convinced me and teaches me. And when I do wrong, I know that I have to stop and say, ask God to forgive me, and help me to repent, and not to do that again.
 Live through many Mountaintop experiences and I've also lived through many Valley experiences and the valley experiences of the ones that I grew most in. I grew closer to the Lord because I knew that he was always with me. I knew that he would never leave me nor forsake me and I just want to share a couple of experiences that I went through.
 In 2009. I was at a church praying and there was a terrible storm and lightning struck my house and caused a fire and someone called and told me that my house was on fire and you can imagine just how devastated I was. But someone took me home. And when I drove up and saw all the people that were there, I just felt so loved. I just felt so loved by God that all those people would be there for me.
 And then I saw that my house had not burned to the ground that it was still intact. And I knew that God was right there. Walking through that, with me. And the next morning when I went into the house, I realized that none of my important papers. None of my precious family pictures were destroyed and then I went into my bedroom and took in my closet and found that my clothes did not smell like smoke. So I just felt like that. That was a great.
 Miracle that God had performed in my life and I am so grateful and thankful to him. And the other thing was in 2017, God made me understand that. It was time for me to give up my house and to move somewhere else and 2019, my house did sale. And I moved in to another place that God had found for me. And when covid happened in 2020, as I had to stay there,
 Not go anywhere. I thought back over many things and saw God's hand and that to that. He had moved me because he knew that covid-19, and he did not want me to have to be down there on 37 acres by myself, with no one around me. And he took me to a place where there was lots of other people. And so I just see his hand and everything that he's
 He's ever done in my life and he is my he is my Living Hope and I just would like to leave this with you. I just want you to know that he can be your Living Hope to and that whatever you go through God will walk through it with you and he will never leave you nor forsake you and I know that I'm going to be in heaven with him one day and I want you to have that same Living, Hope and know that you can be there with him too.
 It's great, man. If you guys know her, you want to be like her, right? Like I she's just the sweetest. Like, that's right. Yeah, listen, she has been transformed by Jesus transformed by Jesus and in the middle of that, what begins to happen that take shape and other people get to see that as well. My hope is that we can all have all be able to be transformed and have our hearts and Minds transformed by the Lord. We're still in our series.
 Of Lakeside story. So you guys will see one of those every time for the next few weeks, you're going to see somebody share their story from Lakeside. In the middle of this last week, we talked about fear today, we're going to be talking about filling our hunger and I don't know if anybody's ever been hungry, like, just starving hungry. I can't think of many times where I've been starving, but I can think of one I was, I just got through graduating. I was
 Done with high school. I had a friend of mine, we are both 18 years old. We both thought we knew a whole lot of stuff. This was before Bear. Grylls was showing up Every Which Way, but I do remember this. We had graduated were like, hey, let's go, let's go. Live off the land. That's a terrible idea. Here's one of the things that I've learned over. This, that is so much harder than what Bear Grylls, makes it seem like we ended up going camping as we went camping.
 We packed us a tent and we brought one bag of Doritos. That's what that goes to show you how well we prepped for this trip. We just thought we would bring Doritos and we would catch fish and we would just smoke the fish over the fire and that was not smart. That's not smart. Don't ever do that. Always have a plan. So not only did we pack pack a tent but we also forgot to pack everything.
 Thing for the tent. So we got there. Our tent would not go all the way up because we did not have all the pieces and we could catch. No fish and listen, I usually know how to catch fish, that's usually not a struggle. But for this trip, I couldn't even get it like a small fish to buy anything we had. And so I know I joke the other week about a Snickers commercial you know you're not yourself when you're hungry and truly. Me and my friend who were best buddies up to this point had become enemies.
 We were just at each other's throat. It was obvious. We were sleeping in the car, we were miserable and thankfully that we had a little neighbor who was also a tent camper who was much more prepared, right? Like his him and his whole family, they had eight really, really well. And he was so nice to us and he's like, hey, would you guys like to join us and we're like, praise God, right? Yes, here's the deal. We were on The Struggle Bus.
 At this point in time, we were actually camping close by here and at this point in time. After like 8 o'clock nothing, our 9 o'clock there was really nothing. That was open. Some of you guys have been here for a while. I mean this was oh my goodness. This was 20 years ago. Oh my. Just yesterday. 20 years ago, you guys really know this. There wasn't a lot out here. If you've been out here that long and so anything that was out here was already closed. And I just remember how
 Miserable that was and how hungry I was Hunger. Causes some reactions, doesn't it right? Hey listen, a hunger can make us. Not really who we are, but hunger, Hunger, being filled compassion and filling stomachs and hunger can actually transform our minds a little bit, can it? And I think about this is a perfect way to introduce this.
 Story because here's the deal where we're going right? Where we're going is Jesus feels our hunger. He feels our needs and it's not through our stomachs necessarily that we're talking about. This. This is this is through him in the middle of this. Here's something. Just so you guys have a little bit of a background where we're going last week. We talked about Peter walking on water Jesus. And Peter walking on water, but if you go back,
 Just the story before. That's this story right here. Jesus, feeding 5,000. And something happens that day, right? Before that. If we give you a little bit of a background, John, the Baptist who baptized Jesus. Jesus knew John the Baptist baptizing had just been beheaded at a party, his life had just been taken. And so the story kind of starts in this somber mood
 You know, and think about this. And usually, I don't know about you guys, usually, when I'm, when I'm hurting, when I'm struggling, sometimes my mindset isn't on others. It's on I'm hurt right now and sometimes I'm kind of lash out, right? And I, we're going to look at this story and I want us to just see what Jesus is reaction. Is here it goes. In Matthew 14, we're started verse 13. If you have your Bibles turn to Matthew 14 with us, if not, you see it on the screen, and
 Follow along with us, okay? It says when Jesus heard what had happened, he withdrew by boat, this is what he heard. Was that John, the Baptist had passed away, he had been killed he withdrew by boat privately to a solitary place. There's that solitary theme again, they let's get, I need to get away, I need to be recharged, I need to be refilled. God, speaking, to me, I says, hearing of this, the crowds followed him on foot.
 It from the town's when Jesus landed, and saw a large crowd, he had compassion on them and healed their sick. I'm looked up this word, compassion, and Greek, it means to be moved from the gut, right? Like from the inside, it works its way out, he was moved by the crowd and he began to heal the sick. The first thing that we see is compassion the second, the first Hill
 That we actually see in this is what it's Healing, The Sick. And then, it says this as evening approached, the disciples came to him and said, this is a remote place and it's already getting late. Send the crowds away so that they can go to The Villages and buy some food. Jesus replied. They do not need to go away. You give them something to eat. And now listen what you get right here, two different perspectives.
 Gives the world says this logic, right? Like, all of us would probably fall under this. It's getting late. The closest town is non miles away, Cindy's, Joker's home. We got to get out of here. I'm pretty tired anyway. So right, like you got anybody, okay? Just me. All right. Then you have Jesus perspective, Jesus flips it. And what does he say?
 Hold up. You give them something to eat. Can you can one can you imagine? Well what do we do? Well listen. Here's a solution that I come up with, we have here only five loaves of bread. And two fish, they answered and this is powerful.
 Bring them here to me and we're going to come back to this. I want you guys to realize what you feel like is small and insignificant Jesus can use. All right, just keeps going. And says he said, bring them here to me. She said and he directed the people to sit down on the grass, taking the Five Loaves and the two fish and looking up to heaven, he gave. Thanks and he broke the Loaves and he gave them to the disciples and the disciples gave
 Them to the people. This is a long day for these guys.
 They all ate and they were satisfied and the disciples picked up. Twelve basketfuls of broken pieces that were left over the number of those that ate was about 5,000 besides women and children. So hold up, like, think about this like you're not just 5,000, you're probably estimating 1520 thousand people at this at this place. Now I
 When I was young, I used to I still enjoy going to a concert from time to time but I mean this would be like going to Lakewood amphitheater and you sitting from the bottom and just looking up. I can you imagine and all of a sudden people are hungry, we got to do something and all of them left fed by two fish, five loaves of bread and then there's leftovers. Come on. Now, listen, here's the deal. Well, here's how this party starts, right?
 All right, here's how this story starts in Matthew 14, there's one party that's completely all about a king, right? King Herod. It's all about me and then there's one party where it's all about others. There's one party, where you go out and you have King Herod. That invites, his really, really like, well, all friends, all the people, all the popular people. These people have names their royalty. People know, these guys and then you have Jesus.
 Like listen, we're gonna throw a party and we don't know any of y'all's names.
 You strangers?
 You have another party right here. King Herod. Listen, this party is on fire. Y'all like listen to everything, you can imagine that the world could throw right, sex drugs and rock and roll. That's this party right here.
 And then, and then Jesus is party over here. Listen, it's full of healing and teachings that are transformative. You have one party. You have one party. We King Herod. That's life. Taking
 And you have another party that Jesus throws here and its life-giving.
 And I asked ourselves, sometimes is Jesus.
 Am I going to you for you to give me life or am I going to this world to solve to meet my needs? Here's the deal Church. We're all hungry. But what's filling our appetite? Is it Jesus, whose Life Giving are we going to this world that for right now? Temporarily listen, it meets some needs, right?
 Like listen. All right, let's let's break this down a little bit. Some of the things that we have all hoped for, and none of these things are necessarily bad by themselves. But if this is what we use to feed us, our nice house, our white picket fence, our 2.5 kids with the sweet little dog and the white picket fence around it.
 That new gaming system that just cost you like five hundred dollars, don't worry give it two years. $1,000 on will come in the really really soon.
 Is that what feeds me?
 Here's what I've discovered when I, when I put my Hunger, when I allow that to feed me, and what I've learned is over time, all of those things fade in the years that I have followed Jesus. He continues to give me life. He continues to move in my life. He continues to meet needs that I didn't even realized I had at 16 years old.
 And only discovered that I needed them later. Isn't that wild? And he was patient with me in that process. He loved me in that process when I was a rebel and going crazy and wild. Listen, he loved me, he loved me. He was calling for me and I have a feeling that some of us, maybe that's us right now. Maybe you're not 16, maybe you're 48 years old, but here's a deal. Maybe you've been running and I just want you to hear this. Jesus feels you,
 you've been running for a long time.
 He quenches thirst, he meets her needs he fills her stomachs, he feels a spiritually. Jesus meets our needs and that's our sermon in a sentence. Jesus meets our needs stop running for the things that we think this world will fill us with and allow Jesus to meet the needs that we have spiritually physically. Mentally. Here's the deal with this is where
 Start the compassion of Jesus transforms me the compassion of Jesus change. People that day, The Compassion of Jesus. Where is this? He steps off the boat in this somber mood and then all of a sudden it goes from about him then and he moves this into about others, The Compassion of Jesus. So he saw people that were hurt and broken and what does he do? He heals them. He came from himself. Probably I mean,
 Really you think about this? You we obviously know that he's probably struggling, right here, again, he's off looking for Solitude because he needs this and we know that Jesus dealt with Earthly pain. We can all agree with that. Right? Two words, probably two words but are in the Bible shortest verse in the Bible but probably some of the biggest punch that comes with it. He went Jesus wept.
 And it Jesus wept. Hold on. You're telling me that Jesus can hurt on this Earth. Absolutely. And he hurts with you, he's he hurt has her along with you. I go back turn to Matthew 14:14 with me. It says, when Jesus landed and saw a large crowd, he had compassion on them and healed their sick. Jesus is compassion led him to heal people, and feel empty, stomachs
 Where is this being played out in your life? How are we living that out? Because, here's the deal. When we meet Jesus, when we see him, fill us, when we watch him, transform us. What begins to happen? Our Lives. Begin to change. Think of it. Like this, the more time you spend with Jesus, the more you ask Jesus to wash over, you something begins to happen. It's like a river. What happens with a river, right? A river, literally can break through
 Through Rock, it will change rock. It makes Canyons, thousands of feet tall. And you know what? It isn't because the waters powerful. It's because the waters persistent. The more you put Jesus in allow him to be persistent in your life. The more that you will begin to see things like compassion, be played out in your life. Here's the deal. Let me, let me make sure I say this if we're image Bears, if I'm supposed
 To be image bearers of Jesus. Then that means my life is going to look like him, it's going to be transformed to look like him. Compassion, begins to move itself up top because that was something that was important to him. Maybe for some of us today. Spiritually is this? Jesus give me compassion because right now, that's mine that might not be something that's really high priority on your list. When you think of things that you need to be fed from,
 Jesus is compassion, you know, I sit back and I think about this, there's something that kind of comes to mind. Listen, we have things Twisted. We think this, we believe that, in order to have compassion, we have to agree with people that we give compassion to write that because if not, then it's just a way. So I want you guys to realize this, this story, if you go back, look at this story in John 6.
 If you go back and you look at this story in John 6, you see that Jesus comes in here obviously and you look at Matthew 14, Jesus feeds, the thousands fast for our go, go forward. A little bit to after Jesus walks on water and Peter walks on water. The very next day they end up on the other side. Do you know what it says? Jesus starts preaching some hard stuff.
 He starts preaching some art. So he says this, I am the bread of life. Meaning this eternity comes through me, this was tough teacher, there's a lot that goes on in there, trust me. I and and honestly I don't have time to break down that whole passage because it's a whole another sermon in itself. But let me just say this, he comes out and he preaches, he starts teaching this and do you know what it says happens.
 All those thousands of people that were fed that day, that were filled left left healed. They showed up broken, he filled, he healed them.
 Showed up hungry, he filled their stomachs. Do you know what happened? When he said that he's the bread of life.
 And that he's the way to heaven. Do you know what, what begins to happen? Is this people start walking away. Do you know why?
 Because that stuff teaching.
 You know what's crazy. He stepped off the boat knowing that tomorrow was going to come knowing that people were going to walk away from him, knowing that people were going to say nasty things about him. I would imagine
 And it says he had compassion on them, he healed them. Anyways, he fed them. Anyways. Church, don't allow this world to twist what God's trying to do church. If there's ever a time, if there's ever a season, we need to step up and be image, bearers of Jesus. It's now it's now
 We can't sit back and not have compassion on people, just because we disagree with them. Jesus has called you to that. Jesus has transformed you to be compassionate. I love this feed them. Anyways, Jesus did. And we're image bearers of that because of that, one of the reasons this is so nice because at some point somebody had compassion on
 Right? Somebody had compassion on your chances. Are you showed up in the seats here today? Because somebody had in Sean compassion to you? Listen, Jesus is better. Jesus is better. Amen. Jesus is better II. Honestly, I go back and I think about this Jesus doesn't just meet our needs, he's just better. We all get caught on a caught up in this belief that we might know better and for a while that might work, right? And
 Till you realize hold up. I am mortal. Things aren't always perfect. Sometimes Things Fall Apart. Hold up. I want things to be a little different over time. Things in this world fade things in this world, Russ things. In this, this world eventually, let me down not Jesus.
 My dad. I and sometimes that changes because of a change of environment. I have maybe some of you can identify with his. I had a parent that grew up smoking, my dad was a smoker growing up right now, but here's the deal like that, was that was it abnormal, right? Like that. Again at the end of the day, if you're a smoker here I'm glad that you're here. I'm not talking bad against that but here's the deal. I never saw it to be a problem.
 I couldn't even smell it. Like I mean, like if I'm being honest with you guys, I'd gotten to the point like I could obviously tell that things smelt different, but it just became my norm and because it was my Norm, I couldn't smell. I couldn't tell that much of a difference, right? And so like that was the environment I'm in in and think about this in our world today. Have we just gotten so comfortable with the world that we don't even recognize that it's rotting us away?
 Maybe Jesus wants to Simply change things up because here's the deal, I went off to college and I was in a smoke-free environment for an entire year and then I moved back in with my dad for the summer. Do you know what I started? Recognizing the walls were a little yellowish, right? Like I never noticed that before, I walked through the door and all of a sudden, right? Like I'm just having a hard time breathing a little bit
 I I remember going out, I came back. I remember just thinking I could not keep my clothes from smelling like smoke no matter how hard. I tried things had changed because my environment had changed because I had seen things differently. Listen, my friends. Jesus is so much better than this polluted world.
 What you may see right now is simply the world and you're just handcuffed by it. And Jesus is over here saying, come on, come on, come back over here.
 And I promise you this, the more that you grow in Jesus the more he's going to remove you from this broken world and bring you closer to him and all of a sudden the environment changes. You see Jesus differently. Listen, keep reading this story. What I love about this story, the disciples, the disciples were fishermen they were Tax Collectors, right? They had jobs that
 Just let's let's just provide for the family. I'm just trying to get by on in some of us, maybe we've echoed those words. Listen, I'm just trying to get by leave me alone. Let me do my thing, right? Listen, Jesus, transform their thoughts, from just being fishermen, people that just trying to get by people that were Tax Collectors, that were trying to cheat their way by and provide for their family. And he transforms them into compassionate men that instead of fishing like this instead of
 Ed of tax collecting and cheating people. All of a sudden they're sitting here in this deserted place while Jesus is kind of in this Solitude place in this somber moment and all of a sudden they're saying, hold up, their lives are being transformed. Now, they're looking at people and saying Jesus, we got to feed these people.
 They've been transformed. Everything looks different now, their environment, they've been following Jesus for a while now. They've watched him. He'll people. They've watched people's lives be changed because of him. Things were now different. They want to feed people but they don't know how
 Only Jesus, because Jesus is better. Listen, it keeps going Matthew. 14 15. It says as evening approached. The disciples came to him and said, this is a remote place. It's already getting late.
 So they can go to The Villages and buy themselves some food. Again, the thought isn't so much about themselves. It's we got to take care of them. Jesus replied, they do not need to go away and this is I love this phrase. Can you all read this along with me? You give them something to eat. How about this? Jesus doesn't just say, hey I'm going to do all this by myself. He invites us along in the
 To say what you thought you were not capable of, I am so, come along with me and less feed some folks.
 That's right. Amen. Look whoever's in the back. You just keep going, right? Listen, our Solutions are solutions are not always what's best. It's what we think might be best. Our Solutions. Often revolve around us, Jesus wants to transform our minds and say, no, it's not about you, it's about me, man. When they go back and look, the look at this, it's getting late. The disciples are looking down at their watching their, they can hold up.
 This we gotta do something about this. Jesus is better.
 Jesus made a miracle with what was available. Thousands of people were fed off this kid's lunch of to fish and five loaves of bread. It went from being a lunch for a single person or maybe a couple of people to feeding a feast of thousands. Here's the deal church. We get to be a part of that. We still get to be a part of this.
 Jesus says this come as you are give me what you have? Let me transform you let me do more with your little brain. What you have and let Jesus begin to be the solution. Jesus doesn't just meet needs. He does it abundantly church. He does it abundantly. He is a god of abundance go. If you have
 I was you can turn to if not it will be up on the screen John 6 12 through 13. This is this is John's version of the the feeding of 5000
 When they had all, when they had all had enough to eat. So everyone was filled, everyone was happy. He said to the disciples, listen gathered, the pieces that are left over. Let nothing go to waste, who write like a kind of steps on some toes, a little bit, I sit back and I think look after this, let me just be honest with you. It's been a long day. I'm kind of tired. Look, I did my job. Whoo.
 Like, let's let the birds take care of the bread, right? Jesus is like, no, no, there's still some left over, and this isn't meant to be wasted. I go back. And I think through they keeps going. It says, so they gathered them and filled twelve baskets with the pieces of five barley loaves left over by those who had eaten. So, it went from five to twelve basketfuls God,
 God is a god of abundance. He takes what we can offer him in our time and our ability and our resources and it multiplies. Its Effectiveness beyond our expectation. If you, if you are willing to take the first step, if you're willing to start taking a step towards Jesus, making your stuff and your yourself available for God, he will show you how greatly that you can be used to.
 It is the work of his kingdom. Do not let things go to. What's a waste. That's a strong passage about being wasteful. Listen, you guys are called to be good stewards and what that simply means is this, we are not men. We are meant to be managers of what God has given us, right? And so, they're there again, what what are you doing with the gifts and the talents, the abilities, the resources that God has allowed you to have
 Have is it is it all about me or is it hate Jesus? Whatever I can do for the kingdom? It's yours, it's yours. Those are two different type of management ways of handling stewardship is. So listen. I want to make sure that we understand stew.
 Jesus. It, if you if we can come to the conclusion that God can do big things with our what may seem small to us than it changes. The way, I spend my time and the way that I spend my resources Jesus had use for what was left over and he collected. What was left over? He collected it for a reason. Listen I again how here's here's where it all.
 Comes back down to if Jesus is better. If this chant is his compassion changes me, if Jesus meets my needs. Well, how do I put that into play in my life? Here's here's one thing that we can start with. Just simply bring what you have, bring what you have. This whole Feast was started with five loaves of bread. And two fish, it went from a lunch to an entire Feast of feeding thousands.
 God can do so much with your little. You may feel like you're insignificant or like, you don't have a ton. Listen, Jesus simply says, surrender it to me. Watch, watch me, watch me. What do we hunger for? Do we hunger for that? Here's another thing. The second is this believe, Jesus is greater than the circumstance. You face believe Jesus is greater than the circumstance, you face, some of you. What's staring?
 You right now you're looking out and what staring you can't see what's in front of you because you see this Giant mountain in front of you, right? And whatever that looks like, here's the deal. I mean, that could be anxiety, that could be depression, that could be some type of sin that could be whatever, fill in the blank.
 Here's what I've discovered.
 What I've understood is this there's a reason why Jesus says, look at that mountain over there, you can have faith to look at that mountain right there and you can tell it to move.
 Pretty soon. Listen the more the closer that you follow Jesus. The more that you're willing to sit back and say Jesus you meet my needs. Here's what we discover sooner or later you're sitting on a Mountaintop and you're looking around in your thinking. How did I get here? How did I get here? And it's Jesus and then you get the greatest thing about following Jesus is you get to sit back and say, look, you're struggling. Let me, let me introduce you to this.
 Worry, let me show you how God pulled me out of this. I go. And I think through this, that does not mean it's going to be easy. Listen, that's stuffs hard, anybody's ever dealt with anxiety or depression, that that usually is more than just a prayer. My friends. Now, sometimes he takes that away in a prayer, but in my experience, when I've set back and I've walked through that with others, here's what I've discovered. There's there's some counsel that takes place
 There's some life changes that have to take place. There's some mental things that have to change. Jesus has to become part of the platform. He has to be the center of our lives. And all of a sudden you have to begin to do some things to get out of there because here's the deal, Jesus absolutely moves there. But I, and I love this idea of simple obedience,
 The simple beauty of obedience. I, I kind of talked a little bit about this earlier and I can't help but sit back and go go through here. I was, I was around. I was a teenager one of the times. I walked through a church door.
 You know, it kept me out of church for a long time. I was a teenager and I came in with with a backwards hat, right? Like you kind of can kind of see right? Like backwards hat and baggy clothes. Yeah gentleman didn't say anything else not. Good morning, nothing else. You know what he said? Take that hat off right? And and honestly, you know, I sit back and I look like that. Do you know that transform the way that I had viewed church for many years?
 Instead of seeing Jesus. As as as this place of freedom and refuge in Hiller a Brokenness, I saw Jesus as an old man that is grumpy.
 And wants this wants teenagers to take hats off. Here's the deal. You know what changed?
 What change is all of a sudden? I met Christ. I met Christ and I realized it wasn't about religion. I realized that following Jesus wasn't about following the whole bunch of rules. I realized it was about a relationship with him. That changes us that the backwards hat kid, really? He could have came in and he could have sat down
 And he needed to hear that message.
 And in the middle of this, listen, I say all that. Listen, believe learning to believe that Jesus was greater than that gentleman. That was at the front door that morning learning to believe that Jesus is greater than past mistakes past marriages.
 Fill in the blank of whatever that looks like Jesus is greater.
 And then he's bigger than the circumstance that you face. The finally is this and said, we're will close. Check my motives, check my motives. David David says this in one of his songs, he says Lord, see my heart. See if there is any wicked way inside of me. And so when I sit back and I asked us, this whole idea of check my motives God, look in my heart. Look at my
 Man, revealed to me. If I am living for this world, trying to be fed by a world, that will never feel me our our Jesus, when that's revealed to me. I'm ready to listen. I'm ready to be filled guys. I sit back and and we've been doing this series and you guys can kind of see. There's there's some note cards here. There's some in the back.
 Back is. Well, here's what I here's what we're calling you guys to, because this is going to be really, really cool. You guys got to trust me at the end of our Series. This is all gonna work together. Here's what I'm asking. I'm asking you guys to write down something that you are asking Jesus to feel a righteous a spiritual hunger. Not something from this world, but a spiritual hunger. Think about this things. Like righteousness, you've been blowing
 Up on your family. You feel like, you know what, maybe you're always full of like, just self- talk about yourself. You don't see yourself as God sees you. Maybe that's what you put down. Maybe it's something like this. Maybe, because you keep blowing up on your family, are you keep doing things that you're not knowing, knowing deep down? That's not what God's calling you to do. Maybe you write down self-control. There's a lot of people that are really sad right now.
 And you don't have joy. Maybe Joyce, what you put down on your card.
 Maybe peace because there's many things that you have a piece is not one that you see. Maybe it's strength because listen, you've been knocked down and you don't know how on Earth you are going to get out of this. God give me strength.
 Maybe it's words, maybe it's a new heart. Maybe it's an attitude adjustment compassion. How about this one kindness? Because Lord knows our world needs that right now.
 As we're moving into this, I want you to write that down, and here's whatever you write down or whatever. You think. I want you to pray over that all week. Long, Jesus, fill me with compassion. Jesus, fill me, fill me with kindness, guys. I love you. I am so grateful for you. I'm looking forward to what God's gonna do in your life this week.
 Week this week. Let's pray. Father, I love you. I just simply ask this if there is somebody here. That doesn't know. You don't allow them to leave this place. Not knowing you, Lord. I'm going to pray, whatever people write down on these papers and us on these note cards if that's at the back of the room or if it's at the front of the rim Lord, I pray over those things. May you fill them with with your heavenly things, not things of this world.
 We love you. Lord your name we pray. Amen.
 Turtle is staying as we close in song today.
 You are here. Moving an army. I worship. I will worship you.
 You are here, working in this flick. I worship you.
 How weird she feel this you are weaving Miracle, Worker, promise keep light in the darkness. My God. That is who you are.
 We make a miracle, worker promise keep touching every Heart of Worship You worship.
 He's healing. We're spear here. You are here. I worship you, I worship you.
 Here it could work promise keep light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are light in the darkness. My God that is who you are that is to you.
 Even when I don't see it, you working. Even when I don't feel it, you working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working, even when I don't see it to work.
 Even when I don't feel it. You again you never stop. Never stop working. You never stop. You never stop you. Wait make light in the darkness. My God. That is who you are.
 Light in the darkness, my God. They make Miracle Worker, promise keeper light in the
 My God, that is who you are.
 And that is who he is. We're all here with needs to be met and a lot of us are hitting our head against the wall. And we're staying up too late, trying to figure out. How do we meet those needs it? Just as we've heard today, Jesus will meet our needs now. He's not going to meet him as quick as you want him to meet them. He's not necessarily going to meet them. Exactly the way that you would desire them to be met, but he's going to meet your needs. If we just allow him to
 Like the way and we follow him, he's gonna take care of it. That's our prayer for you this week, that you will let him meet your needs in the ways that he knows how to do it before you leave. I want to share just a few things with you. First of all, next Sunday night is our quarterly if you want to call it that, but it's our next Southern Gospel, sing and I really want you to come next week because that young man on the screen there is name's Jimmy Davis. Jimmy is a close friend of mine. We work together with the Billy Graham Association.
 It's probably the funniest man I've ever met and the man can sing and play guitar and he loves Jesus and he'll be here next week. Next Sunday night at five sharing those talents. Even if that's not your thing, you'll have a good time. Next Sunday night, come and meet Jimmy, listen to him Sharon's heart. It's going to be amazing night. This weekend is our disciple now and this is a lake area disciple. Now we have five churches from Green and Putnam that are coming together Friday and Saturday for our students. If you are students at
 I haven't signed up yet, you still got time today, so, see Davis get signed up today for D now. Otherwise, pray for D. Now, this weekend, pray that all these teenagers will see that Jesus is the way. And that those needs that they have that, he'll take care of it. So being prayer for them this weekend, if you want to help in some way. See Davis. And he will gladly plug you in somehow. And then finally, today is our next new members class so just in approximately however whenever
 Sure, I get done speaking. We're going to do our next new members class in here. If you have not signed up, that's quite all right, we got plenty of food. We got plenty, we would love for you to join us today. If you did sign up, we'll see you in just a minute. But against a it's it's no obligation. But it's a great way to learn about how to become part of the Lakeside family and how the, you can plug in and be used. Also, if you've got just a couple minutes, we need five tables set up on this side of the room.
 Five tables with eight chairs around if y'all can help us with that real quick, some of you that'd be greatly appreciated, but more than anything else. Just now that we're praying for you this week that you let Jesus meets your needs that you look to him and look nowhere else. We are so glad that you're here today. We're honored that you came to worship with us whether in person or online and we hope to see you again next week, you're dismissed
