You won't kick down lie. You won't tear down coming after me.
It down.
Your support.
Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Lakeside Church. My Name is Davis. I'm the student Pastor here, and on behalf of everyone. We just want to say, welcome, and thank you so much for joining us for worship. Today during the service, we will be having communion so we invite you that during the first couple songs this morning, if you haven't got your elements on the way in there, located at a table on either side. So during worship just make your way over there during the first couple of songs and then after that, we'll have communion and then we'll continue with worship. One more announcement. We invite you to stop by our
Desk in the lobby, on your way out today. It's where you can find information on how to serve where you can get plugged in information on our small groups. And if you're a visitor, we have our connection cards that you can fill out, and we'll just give you a gifts. And thank you so much for joining us today. I may be able to follow up with you and see how you can get plugged in here at Lakeside Church for giving are giving envelopes or located in the back of the chairs. And on those envelopes. It lists are three ways to give here at lake side with your through that envelope and dropping it in the
 Back of the room beside either during to the basket online at Lakeside Church, dot WS, or setting up the text to give option. We always say that we don't care how you give here at Lakeside. We just want to say thank you so much for giving because of your radical generosity were able to do the things that we do, and how these incredible worship services. At this time, we're going to pray over our service, and our tithes, and offering and continue with worship.
 Dear Lord, thank you for today. Lord. Thank you for the opportunity, to gather here and just celebrate your name.
 Lord as we partake in worship and communion today. I pray that you are the focus of all of that.
 Lord, as we collect our tithes and offerings, I pray that we continue to use those as you see fit to further, your gospel message to the ends of the Earth.
 Or we thank you for this time.
 Be with us and draw us closer to you. It's your name we pray. Amen.
 Man Church, let's stand to our feet as we get to work this morning.
 Is the the praise. Be a weapon that conquers all anxiety. Let even the freezer we see your name in the dark and it changes. Everything. We sing with, all we are Rema claim, your Victory me that it
 The Preserve.
 Break down every wall was the Tiny's for. You cannot survive in me. Break. Gotta break through some aside for every little girl creation crime. God, we praise you.
 Maybe the song that comes a storm inside me Letty, right?
 This is what living looks like. See you in the shirt. This is what living looks like. This is what freedom feels like this.
 This world him in sounds like we praise you. We praise you. This is what living looks like. This is what freedom feels like. This is what heaven. Sounds like we praise you. We praise you. This is what it looks like.
 Creation, kind of God.
 With just one word, you come storm that surrounds me with just one word, the darkness has to retreat.
 We just wanted to touch. I feel present to heaven.
 We just want to turn II's are open to see my heart. Can help me. There's nothing that I've got can't do this. Not a mountain that he can move praising. A, that makes away. This nothing never got into just won't work.
 You kill. It's broken inside.
 Just watch and you five every dream. We just wanted, I feel nothing.
 This is not a mountain that crazy, it's nothing.
 I will believe for greater things, the scene at church I will believe for greater things. This will power like the power of Jesus. They faint arise Little Hook, read this one power like the power of Jesus. I will believe who Creator. Things isn't power? Like a power of two.
 If a the rise, they'd all the grief, there's a power like the power of Jesus. Let me there's nothing that I can.
 This not a mountain that I praise her.
 Maybe let's give the Lord a hand, this morning church, if you will have a seat as we enter into the time of community.
 And there's all the being seated. If you still need to get a cup, we've got two different cups with the bread and the juice. We got some of both tables. Feel free to go ahead and do that right now. That is not a problem, you know, if we were to do a quick non-scientific survey around the room right now. And I said, if I were to ask each and every one of you, do you believe that there's nothing that God can't do.
 I am inclined to believe that at least 99.9 percent of us would without a doubt, not even think about it. So yes, there's nothing that our God can't do.
 I think that I think that's where most of us are however, and also, if we were to sit around, if you go back to the night of the Lord's, Supper when the disciples are sitting around the table with Jesus, at least 11 of the 12 that were sitting there would have said the same thing. There's nothing that God can't do. They've seen him do Miracles. We've seen him. Do Miracles. We read about it in the Bible.
 but the disconnect happens when our faith goes into action because we see that the disciples, even though they were there, even though they were used by Jesus in performing some of the Miracles when it came down to it,
 They doubted, they ran. They were scared. They were fearful and it's the same way in our own life when it comes to God, telling us to do something too many times. We allow the fear to overcome our faith.
 But what we have to be able to do is to put that belief that we all hold dearly, that there's nothing that God can't do and allow that to become real in our life.
 And that's that's difficult. I'm not up here saying that it's easy to do, but yet that's what God wants us to do that night, Jesus and the disciples were met, they met in the upper room, they sat around the table for as what we know the Last Supper an opportunity for Jesus to kind of explain to him what was happening.
 And even then they, they didn't understand. They've heard Jesus teaching their heard all about it but they still this night as they were sitting, there were completely lost about what was about to take place. Some of us are that same way we come to the table today, we don't understand what's going on in our life.
 But you know what? We don't have to all we have to do is trust in Christ and the believe that there's nothing that he can't do and allow that Faith to drive our to drive our decisions.
 Paul writes in First Corinthians 11 is, he's writing to the church at Corinth, he's teaching them about the Lord's Supper. So, there's morning as we take it, we're going to follow the way that Paul writes. It first Corinthians chapter 11 starting at verse 23. He says, for a pass on to you, what I received from the Lord himself on the night, when he was betrayed, the Lord, Jesus took some bread and gave thanks to God for it. Then he broke it in pieces and said, this is my body which is given for you.
 Do this in remembrance of me.
 Just don't have nothing.
 After they took that says, then, starting in verse 25, in the same way, he took the cup of wine after supper saying, this cup is the New Covenant between God and his people, an agreement confirmed with my blood. Do this in remembrance of me as often as you drink it.
 Now, what we just participated in these elements are nothing more than a little bit of unleavened bread and grape juice.
 But yet what they symbolize exactly, what Jesus taught us that night as they sat around the table with the disciples, his body, which was broken for us, his blood, which was shed for us because of the breaking of those body. And the shedding of his blood that allows us to allow our sins to be forgiven when we accept Jesus Christ as our Lord and savior. And it's through our forgiveness, through the Forgiveness of sins that then we are allowed to go.
 Spend eternity with with God in heaven, the greatest gift you and I will ever be given took place when Jesus died on the cross and when the tomb was empty, three days later. So today, allow your faith to be stronger than your fears. Fears are real but yet, but just understand. And don't forget that we worship a God, that there's nothing that he can do. Let's pray, father, we thank you for the opportunities. We have to come.
 I'm together to come to your table to remember, the sacrifice you did for us.
 And father may be something that we remember each and every day of our life of how our lives are different, it can be different because of you dying on the cross for us.
 you went to the cross, a perfect human being
 And you took upon yourself, our sins.
 So that we don't have to pay the price for them. You already have so father as we go about our lives each and every day. Allow us to never forget this and as we think, and as we believe that there's nothing that you can't do, allow that belief to become action in our life each and every day.
 As a testament to you for what you've done for us is the testimony of others around us so that they too can see how awesome of a God. You are father. Thank you for your love for us. Your love was so great that you sent your son to die on the cross for us. Thank you, Father. We ask it all in Jesus Christ name. Our Lord and our savior. Amen.
 Cheers, let's stand to our feet as we continue to sing today. In Christ tells us, he will never leave us or forsake us. We feel like we're alone. God says he's with us. Seeing these words out with this is
 This increase when the hardest son to fight another way, when the walls are closing in. When I look at the space between where I used to be and this record knee, I know I will never be alone. It was another in the fire.
 Standing next to me, was another if no water, he's holding back, the scenes. Should I ever need? Remind me how I've been set free. There is across the Bears. The burden we have another time.
 All my dad left for dead beneath Ward.
 I'm no longer a slave to my sin anymore. Should I fall in the space between where domain to be and it's reckoned? Be either way. I will bow to things of this world Dino. I will never be another in the fire.
 There is another in the water holding back the Seas. Should I have what power Set Me Free? There is a great need volt. Nobody now that power lives in me, there is another in the fire.
 There is no other name but the name that is Jesus, he who was, and still is and be through it all.
 So come what may in the space between all these things unseen and this record P I know I will never be Dino how I will never be.
 Holding back.
 I know that's where you be. Can a joint? Come everybody. Cause I know that's where you'll be counting joint command.
 A battle cause I know that's where you'll be counting joint, come everybody. Cause I know that's where you be father. This morning we want to thank you now, that you are Willis. How did you promises? She won't leave us. You won't forsake us. I didn't you want. What is best for those who are called according to
 To your purpose in today. God, I just pray that there was someone here who's looking for something deeper in this life guy that they would know without a doubt that a relationship with you is something deeper than this world has to offer got in today, I just pray that the Holy Spirit would move and then in these walls today in our hearts now to show us what we need to do to draw closer to you. Today, we love you. We thank you. We praise your name today in Jesus name, amen?
 Maybe.
 Good morning, Lakes on, welcome to church today. It's an honor to be here to speak to you, and I want to thank you for coming my early. Life can be wrapped up or summarized in a verse of scripture. Psalm 122 says
 I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord, my mother made sure that my two brothers and I would be found in the house of the Lord, whenever the doors were open, we enjoyed that. It was it some sort of for the basis. For my upbringing, the church friends that I had also became a community. So the things that I did on Sunday, I was able to do on Monday through Friday, and still spend time with my Christian friends. God was good. And when I get to heaven, I
 My mother again, for doing such a wonderful job. Sure. We call some Truffles and I'll have to apologize to her for that because she races in a Christian home. And I joined the church at age 12 because I thought it was symbolic. Since Jesus went to the synagogue at age 12 in order to partially reveal himself as he taught the teachers there in my later years, I ran into some storms in life and I just want to share with you one main one and mentioned the other one.
 It's God was there and God was in charge, and he'll always be there in charge.
 And we should be grateful for them. If I was in charge, I would mess it up. There's a verse in Ephesians 1:11, it says God worked things. According to the counsel of his will to me it means that he's in control and he was in control every step of the way, you're this big storm that I had. I went to a playoff game with school on the evening of November. The 11th 2001, November the 7th 2011 to see a one act play before they went to the state.
 I passed out when the lights were brought down for the plate of start. Just went unconscious and I figured it was something to do with my lungs, but I don't know because I didn't wake up till Thursday afternoon. Shane Hill was there along with a couple nurses and they responded to CPR shocked me. They called the ambulance and continue to do the same thing. They life. Flighted me to making did open, heart surgery in the next morning, and I woke up
 The afternoon with a fresh heart. God was good. He was in charge of the details. He had the right people there at the right time. He had the doctors there. They could do the surgery and a helicopter that was available and people pray, it will people praying at the auditorium. There were people praying at the hospital, they were people playing at the helipad and to me, I give all the glory to God for their faithfulness and for his control, some other storms that I had, that were minor.
 But became major was my lunch and worse and worse and I had a lung transplant in 2014. I subsequently had prostate cancer, that was cured by radiation. I also had emergency colon resection because I had a burst code and had to have a bag for three months.
 I will say food, add, and remove the bag. Three months later end of last year, I had pulmonary fibrosis. That was Major, who in all of God's in control, please let him be in control of your storms. And if anybody wants to talk to me, I'd be glad to God bless you and thank you. Good morning, makes I make sure he wanted to say good morning twice. Come on now, skip. All right. Look, I don't know if you guys saw that. Look at there was ever a
 Time for someone to turn and be bitter. Would that not be through that kind of story, right? Like, when you constantly are going, it feels like you're uphill battle. After battle after battle that Skipper, right? And so, if you're new here, let me tell you what we're in, we're in a series called Lakeside stories. You guys are getting to hear stories of our people, as they share where God showed up and how he showed up in their lives. I want you to know this the same Jesus that is in.
 In Skippers story is the same Jesus that wants to move in yours as well. Amen. Hey listen. Today you ever. Yeah, I mean years ago it seemed to be popular. Haven't seen them as much lately. But do you remember the commercials where it had the easy button, right? Like you just want the Easy Button, I love the easy but like, I wish I could live at Easy Button lifestyle. Sometimes I find myself saying this often and then I look at stories, like we're diving into today and
 My mind kind of shifts, right? And I'll kind of give you a little bit of heads up, it just so you kind of know that sometimes if you heard that song that last song, I'm not sure if you guys were paying attention in those lyrics count, the joy of every battle because I know that's where you'll be in the middle of whatever storm you face today. I want you to hear very clearly. Jesus is there and he's with you
 There's there's a story in the 80s, there was an experiment done in a biodome, right? They set this glass bubble, basically, out in the desert and they filled it with trees and plants and flowers. And let me just tell you everything seemed to go really well until they discovered that the trees would hit a certain height. And you know what they began to do, they begin to fall right now the the what began to happen in this is the scientist and everybody began to study and what they
 Bird was this one of the ways that trees grow? Especially their Roots is through wind, wind, write a little friction, allows the roots to dig deeper and deeper. And let me ask you, you know, when you sit back and you think about this, the easy life may not be the most fruitful life. It may not be the most faithful life, right? And I just want to remind you where ever,
 We are however, you came in today, some of you, you are battling. You are in the middle of a storm right now, and it might be nasty, it might have been very difficult for you to come into this place today and maybe you're struggling with some bitterness today. And I want to remind you that in the middle of this. If we allow ourselves to surrender, whatever storm were facing right now. I want you to hear this, your faith will grow roots. Your faith
 Will grow roots in the story that we're going over today. The passage that we're going to go over today. You're going to notice two things one. It's kind of come to an answer is who is Jesus? Who is Jesus and are the storms. I face allowing me to deepen my faith little background. I always like to read and give you guys a little context about where we're going. If you go and you read this story like this story, this passage it was retold.
 Three different times in three different gospels, they call it the synoptic gospels, right? Matthew, Mark, and Luke. And here's, I'm going to give you a little bit about what was said before it was told in Matthew, right? Here's what it says in Matthew, Jesus tells his disciples that there's a cost to following him right before this. Passage. How about this in Mark? Jesus tells the parable of God's kingdom is like a mustard seed, right? As Tiny as
 It might be it grows into one of the largest garden plants, where Birds perch and it provides shade. You think he's trying to say something to his disciples. How about this? If you go through Luke, he says this. He tells his disciples that his mothers and brothers are those who hear God's word, and he put them into practice when the storm comes, which it will inevitably do in your life. How
 Is God's word applied, how is it lived out? Where does faith sink its roots and say we're here? And Jesus is with me. Mark, fourth is where we are today. If you guys have your Bibles, go ahead and turn the mark for, if not, you can see it on the screen and we read it together real quick before. 35 is where it starts.
 That day, when evening came. He said to his disciples, let us go over to the other side. I just notice who said this, it wasn't, it wasn't one of the disciples, right? Jesus says, let's go to the other side. Leaving the crowd behind. They took him along just as he was in the boat. There were also other boats with him, a furious. Squall came up and the waves broke over the
 Out. So that it was nearly swamped and I want you to imagine this all of a sudden, they begin to retell this story of Jesus, led them into a boat. They are next into a storm, waves are crashing over. There's, I mean, people are scared here. The probably even saying to themselves is this really part of the plan, right? But listen keeps going. Jesus was in the stern sleeping on the cushion.
 And the disciples woke him and said to him, teacher, don't you care if we drown? Now, notice notice kind of how they say things, because it's going to come into play in a little bit. Don't you care if we drown? He got up and he were he rebuked the wind and the waves. And he said, in three words, quiet be still, listen to what happens next because this is great.
 Then the wind died down and it was completely calm. He said to his disciples, why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?
 And look, it says they were terrified, and they asked each other. Who is this? Even the wind and the waves obey him, right to fears, right? One fear is, oh my goodness were about to drown, right? A legitimate fear, the next. The next is, oh, my goodness, who is this? You know, when you break that down in Greek, the way it breaks down is
 Is referent in all. This is a in all type of fear. What just happened, we've never seen any thing like this. Chances are some of you have stories that you could tell where you said God showed up here. God strengthened my faith that they are That season or that year. Listen our sermon innocence is really simple. Faith grows.
 Rose in the storm. Our faith grows in the storm again. Nobody likes the storm. All right, I go back and I think about this, but storms caused our roots to dig deeper, and it has us run closer and further to Jesus, it's no wonder that Jesus leads the way to the storm in this story, really? You think about this? Do you trust me?
 Do you trust me?
 Do we trust him? It's a big word. That's a word that many of us have a hard time with because we've put hope and trust in faith into many things in this world and let me be honest with you guys. We've been let down
 And then Jesus, here we are. Look, Jesus leads the way, are you telling me that Jesus is leading the way into this storm? And I'm telling you this absolutely, he is in this storm right here. Look, there's some that. Let me just go ahead and say there are some storms that Jesus did not lead the way that was not, that was not his way. But listen, I will say this, it still works the same
 In the middle of the storm. There is Jesus, Mary. It goes like this. Jesus is giving these guys this faith building exercise. You ever done a ropes course. Like maybe you're on some kind of leadership team. Are you work with a team and they drag you out to a ropes course? Here's some things you discover, right? You usually always find a leader, right? Somebody that like everybody else.
 Is everybody else is like snapping on each other and then finally somebody's like, hey hey right here, right here. We got to get through. This are we're going to be out here for hours and we're going to miss lunch, right? We need that leader, right? There's also this this that comes into play. There's always a point on a ropes course where there is a faith that you have to place in somebody else, right? I mean, the famous one is the trust fall. You remember some of you
 Trust is not that hard. You'll wrap your arms. Just like this and fall back, right? Where some of you have already asked you to do that. You're like not a chance. I trust. No one, right? And here's the, here's the truth that probably plays out very well in your life too.
 I go back and Jesus leads the way in this amazing trust exercise. Jesus is directing these guys Into the Storm read that with me again in for 35. It says, this, that day, when evening came, he said to his disciples, let us go over to the other side. Make no mistake about it. Jesus knew what was coming. He knew that there was a storm and these guys were about to go through it and their lives would forever. Be changed. It would never
 Never be the same. There Are Places Church. There are places that Jesus will take you that you will refuse to go through by yourself.
 But once going through it, your roots begin to dig in and you come out of this story different than the way you started, right? I go I go back and I keep thinking about this after this storm they realized who Jesus was. Jesus was no longer just a Rabbi, he was no longer just a teacher.
 Jesus was God.
 Jesus was somebody that they could put their hope in their trust in even in the storm. This, they think about this, this began to change the whole thought process of there is a cost to following Jesus.
 And it is uncomfortable.
 And it's not always easy.
 And sometimes If we're honest with ourselves, it's absolutely scary.
 And also, sometimes I wouldn't choose this path, you know? I'm talking about like that, that trust exercise, that Jesus has you on right now. A lot of you if you're anything like me, I want to go this far, right? And that's all I'll do right? Sometimes Storms Come and then afterwards, you're like good night. I survived that. Right? And you look back at it you're like wow, God is so good. He showed up. Look what he did, I think.
 This losing my control, jesus takes us places so that we have to lose our control. Sometimes think about this how wonderful is? This is so cool. Jesus Takes these guys who were fishermen, right? Y'all remember what? What Jesus did? What was he like? He was a carpenter, right? He built stuff. He built things like boots and chairs and I don't know like whatever things happen with wood right. But here's the deal, the carpenter tells the fishermen to get into a bow
 Go and to go into the storm, he takes them to a place that they're actually really, really familiar with and guess what happens. And he says, how much do you trust me? Because I'm going to take what you're familiar with and I'm going to rock your world.
 Meaning this some of you some of the storms that you face, right now they're just everyday, storms are things that you're that's happening right now in your life. That you know what? You're normally really good at handling, but there will always be things in life that will come and trip. You up. There will always be storms, that will come from time to time. My friends, listen, Jesus is there. He takes people in a place that they were comfortable in and he
 Still shows up when control was lost. Isn't that cool? Let's start reading some of this. Go back and read it with me, Mark for 37 and 38.
 A furious Squall came up and the waves broke over the boat and it was nearly swamped. Jesus was in the stern. He was sleeping on a cushion and the disciples woke him and said to him, teacher, don't you care if we drown? Can I just pause real quick. Anybody with kids, sit back and you sit back and we say things like this, it's not that you can't say this, right? It's not that you can't talk. It's how you.
 Say it yawns. I'm not anybody with kids. It's about how you approach this. It's about your tone. It's about the question you asked, right. One is a question out of bitterness. One is born out of a question of fear. One is born out of uncertainty, one. Sits back and says, hold up. What, what are you thinking? What are you doing? God, anybody ever been there? Mmm.
 Right? Where if you were to switch this and this is where Jesus comes back at them early or later on if you were to switch this one shows faith,
 Jesus. You are who you say you are. Jesus, help me Jesus, Save Me. Jesus, I know you're good.
 I know you care for us, save us. Do you see a difference in tone? A difference of question, a difference of faith?
 This was difficult. This was scary.
 Any other time, these guys would have been off the water. They wouldn't have found themselves here. As a matter of fact, as experienced fishermen, you would imagine that at some point, they would have said it's time to go in.
 At some point, maybe this storm came on really, really fast. They would have known what to do, but they have lost their control. But listen, even in the midst of uncertainty, where do they turn?
 Still turn to Jesus, maybe the wrong question, maybe the wrong tone. Maybe not in faith, but where do they go?
 They know this.
 They come to know and they come to see Jesus in a light more different than ever before. Their story changes this day, who they believe Jesus was changes. This day, think about this. Only God can control the weather. Only God.
 Jesus had done some cool stuff already. I mean he taught really really well and he was saying some stuff that we really really like and he was healing people which we all love right. But this day they took them in a place that they're familiar with he took what was familiar and he made it not ordinary. He took what was familiar and he turned it upside down and he made them question. How are we going to get out of this?
 Only Jesus.
 I love. I love how this changes the disciples because listen there was another way there's another. Wait look I I read another article this week I had read something where someone else decided that there was no other way. And here's the deal. We're talking to a room this big and I feel like Satan has a way of whispering to us.
 That there's no other way. The walls are caving in and you don't feel like you can get out of this. I read another article this week of somebody that took their own lives.
 That thought to themselves. How on Earth do I get out of this?
 And I want you to understand, please church, I want you to hear this.
 Jesus, he cares desperately for you.
 He loves you.
 He thought he knew about you when you were in your mother's womb he saw all those sweet little fuzzy hairs that you came out with and that goofy little grin right like
 He loves you.
 There is a way out of this and it is through Jesus who calms the storms, but even if
 You go down this way. Think about this, whatever, not not, not through that. I let me, let me just go back, just a little girl move forward, but Jesus quiets the storm and gives a voice to his disciples.
 In the middle of this. Here's the deal. When you feel desperate, when you feel lonely, when you feel like there's no hope when you feel like giving up I want you to know this. That's the place Jesus works best. Please give that a shot whatever you're facing whatever you're going through. Jesus quiets the storm with these gentlemen but then he gives voice to them as well. The storms that you're facing today, listen they will eventually fade the disciples. Listen they left.
 The situation feeling more alive than when they left the shore that day. The story was such a big deal that Mark and Matthew and Luke. They all wrote about it and you bet it made an impact because going through something that that's that is life-threatening, where you thought you were about to die. You're gonna tell the world about it when you're saved.
 Look this rock their world. This was unlike anything they had ever faced or anything that ever seen, they would live to tell about this story over and over and over again. When they're around campfires. Yeah. Matt like sometimes we almost forget that these were just normal guys. You imagine like sitting around sometime when Jesus is gone and there as they're out here, building these churches to do you remember when we almost drowned, right?
 You give me around some of my buddies from time to time. We always tell goofy stories of of crazy situations. And then we're like, and we lived through that, right?
 Listen. Of course, these storms. They build our faith. They can build our stories and our testimonies about the strength of what Jesus brings and what he brings us through. Listen, go back. Look at verse 39 and 41. It says he got up and he rebuked the wind and he and the waves. He said quiet be still and then the waves died down and it was completely calm and he said to the disciples why are you
 You afraid.
 Singing to himself. I'm with you.
 Do you still have no faith?
 They were terrified and they asked each other who is this? Even the wind and the waves obey him, the disciples Faith. Grew that moment a trust was built that day that Mustard Seed, Faith, that Jesus had previously talked about was beginning to arise and build and grow, and it was being grown, listen, not under a perfect weather conditions, not even,
 The perfect sunlight. It was being grown in the storm with the wind and the waves. It was being born in chaos. It was being born in the middle of losing control. They came back that day and was able to answer who Jesus was. This was God, even the wind's and the waves obey him. But not only that, I can trust him here.
 I can trust him here. Look, I how do you face a storm? How do we face a storm? I think it's, it really comes down to this. We stop looking at resistance as a destroyer of our faith. Stop looking at all the storms is something that's just out to knock you out and you're not ever going to make through that. Look at it instead as something that can grow your faith. Hey again some of us we get so caught up in asking this question. Why God why?
 You doing this to me. Instead, he wants to transform our minds and our hearts like Peter writes about and he says stop asking that and start asking the question of what can I learn here.
 What are you trying to teach me and then you know what, maybe even take a lesson from what he tells the storm be still and listen.
 Go back and you walk through this when facing fear and frustration because of a storm retrain, your thoughts with G, with with you with you, you have Jesus. You no longer have to be fearful of whatever storm or wind or wave may be coming. Because the cross guys, listen, death lost, its sting, even if
 Look in the middle of that. Listen and whatever else might come, whatever storm you might be facing, it will eventually pass. Jesus told us that he will not leave us and if we wholeheartedly believe this then it changes us.
 It changes our next step, right? And said, next time you come up to a storm instead of sitting back and just saying I'm not going. You take the next step towards it and say Jesus, you're with me.
 Right, it changes our step. Look, listen. If you go out and you live like that, believing that Jesus is with you, knowing that he's capable of knocking down Giants. Would you give would you live? Would you love more even in the middle of a storm instead of withdrawing, when you face the Giants of this world, that begins to throw at you, would you sit back and meet them with expectations, that your Giants will fall and waves will calm
 and would you be okay, even if you fail
 There's this place in Daniel with, with three guys. Shadrach Meshach, and Abednego. They were faced in this Kingdom. Their Kingdom had been taken over. They had been prisoners.
 And there's this moment where this King builds this Idol and he's like you got to bow down to it and these guys listen every time all these others would hit their knees. But not these guys, they were brought to the king. He's like you do this. You do this or I'm going to throw you in this fiery, furnace. You guys might remember this story. They make it seem really nice when you're in BBS, right? But but listen, the truth of the matter, we sing a song about this today. There's another in the fire.
 Right standing next to me. Listen, here's the deal. Listen to what they come back at the king. If we're thrawn into the Blazing furnace, the God, we serve is able to Deliver Us from it, amen? Church listen, all you gets better.
 And he will Deliver Us from your Majesty's hand, but even if church say that with me, but even if because this is, this is where it's hard for us. But even if he does not, we want you to know your majesty that we will not serve your gods, that we will not worship the image of gold that you've set up.
 We will not bow down to the things of this world that is not us. We are going to hold tightly to you, Jesus.
 Think about that. They chose God and chose God. Throw us in there. They said, God will protect us. But even if he doesn't, we refuse to Bow storms. Have a way of pulling out what we trust in. You ever notice, look, you ever have like you went through life with some folks and then you went through a storm with somebody but you find out who's with you and who's not with you real quick, you know, I'm talking about but by the time you hit the shore next time.
 Get out of here, right?
 But how about this? There's some things that you go through just life in general, when you go through a storm, you find out what you trust in. Do, I trust in me? Do I trust in my plan? My will my hopes or do I trust in Jesus?
 Storms, have a way of drawing that out surviving storms, allow us to retrain our thoughts. When you come out of that storm, you might realize who really has your back and what's important. Jesus being the way, the truth, and the life, it becomes real and evident once you've walked through enough storms, amen,
 Things become less important but your faith begins to dig deep. Listen. What do you have that? You need to release because that's the challenge today. What do I have that? I need to release. Maybe it's bitterness all man. Bitterness is this poisonous pill, right? And some of us look, we're stuck in taking it every single day. We take that whatever we bring to the table, we should we take it and we swallow every day. How
 Could they do that to us?
 How dare they do that to us, right? And you think about these disciples man? They're absolutely battling. This thing about this, they're hopping on this boat because Jesus told them to go on the boat there, in the middle of this storm. Waves are crashing. It's starting to take on water. And you know, what very easily. I could see bitterness playing a role here. You know what that George is at home? Right now? Next to a fire right with his family. He's riding this storm out, not me.
 I'm out here. Just I'm cold, I'm miserable, I'm wet and I'm trying to survive. Bitterness plays a role in what their response was to Jesus. It builds up and it lets down. Bitterness leads to anger which leads to more hurt today. Maybe bitterness is what comes up here for you. How about this? Maybe it's comparison. Look, I'd imagine that the disciples are sitting back in there. Thinking how on Earth did this happen? There's a cost to follow.
 Jesus, but other people just seem so comfortable. I could just stay in my Lane, right? I know this is one that we all deal with and then you start doing things like this. They just seem so happy, right? I mean like you look at their yard and you're like, you know what, they have, like the guy that comes in, he likes, praise the fertilizer, sweet stuff on their yard. That grass is green.
 and then you look at your yard and you're like,
 you look at all the little cute plants they have and it distracts you listen. Here's what this does it distracts you from what the dogs leave behind?
 And over time, what you begin to do you take your focus off. What is yours is sweetness than gratefulness that God calls you to, and you look to the other person Jarred and you know what begins to happen. You stop watering what's over here. What happens when you start winding? Stop watering stuff. It dies. And you find yourself in a in a family emergency saying, why? God?
 We stop watering. We stopped paying attention gratefulness. Maybe comparison is what comes up here for you today? How about this? What about surrender?
 What about surrender? You my friend? Listen? You've come here long? Yeah, it's been hard. You have put this off long enough. You have fought so hard, you know what you did really good, but the truth of the matter is, it was never enough and it'll never be enough. And this led you here today, Jesus is putting this on your heart Jesus wants you to know this story is All about that. He is God and you are not.
 He proves it to his disciples here and he proved it again on the cross. My friends think about this. He's only, God could stop the wind and the waves and only God could stop. The storm. Only God can lead us to the way of Heaven. Only God is the truth. Only God is the life and the only way and he had mrs. And John, I know it sounds crazy but today my hope is that maybe somebody out here, maybe you walked in here today with your
 Steering and saying, you know what? This is the day that I give up me and my will and my trusting in me and this is the day, I surrender to you. Jesus.
 Today. Today, maybe some of you release your life in your hand. It over to Jesus. Maybe today some of its just send, maybe your rights in up here. Maybe you turn from sin, maybe you turn from sin and turn towards Jesus. Maybe for some of us look, you've been battling this whole Next Step thing and obedience. You've given your life over to Jesus. You're trying to do this for for whatever reason, you're fighting off the being obedient into
 Some for Jesus, by the way, May 16 to Sunday's for now we're having a baptism Sunday. Look anybody can show up here if you'd like to sign up or bring friends do that, you do that at the connect a war combined.
 Unff? No, and run towards the one that is healer, the calmer of storms. The one that makes waves sees the one that leads to life and Eternity. The one that brings goodness and great instead of bitterness and comparison. He wants to free you from that church.
 Let's do that today. I want to invite you guys, feel free in this song. Write something down. Put it up here. We're going to do something really cool with that stuff. At the end of this series, something that you want to release in hand over to God. Let's pray, Jesus. Thank you. Jesus, we surrender. Jesus, we love you. Jesus, we give up and we given to you. We love you today. Love you forever working on Words, be with us in the storm. See
 Us through this, allow us to have home when we feel like there is none. Amen.
 Church the stand on our feet as we close in song today.
 You soap in my heart to bring me apart. I need to open my eyes. I see that you're shaping my life don't.
 to trust what you say that your
 I'm broken inside the sing. This, as I, maybe we.
 The maybe we just Spirit strong. In me, my flesh May Fail, but my God, you never will sigh. Maybe we your spirit strong, in me. My flesh, may fail. My God, you never will to Give Me Faith.
 To trust. What you say? That you're good. Your loan is great. I'm broken inside. I give you my trust. What you say?
 That's your, your loan is great. I keep I keep in mind.
 Thank you.
 Then that needs to be our response to what Jesus does in our life, is to give him our lives and allowing him to work through us and do those amazing things that he wants to do, you know, I think sometimes it's probably easier for Jesus to make the winds and waves stopped and to get me to do what he wants me to do, and it shouldn't be that way. All of us are created in His image. So it's following after what he wants us to do, and all we have to do. So father, give me the faith to do it.
 Then he will. So that's our prayer for you this week is that you will each and every day. She's Faith over fear because we're putting our faith in the God who could do it all the God, who sent his son to die for each and every one of us before you leave. Today, let me remind you of a few things. First of all, as Kevin mentioned, except May the 16th two weeks from today is baptism Sunday, we would love to keep that pool busy that day. So if that's something you've been praying about
 If that's something God is talking to, you talk to us, come to the connect table, however, it needs to happen. Even if you decide that morning, we'll take care of it. We're excited about that. A also on May 16th is our next new members class. So we would love if you've been checking us out and you're like, I need to know more about this place. Come join us for new members class 12:30. We'll provide lunch will provide child care if needed. Learn more about who we are. We would love to let you know. And then finally vacation.
 Our school is almost here and for some of us that kind of scares us, it gets us a little excited. At the same time that is a huge week, June the 14th through the 17th. You want to be a part of that even if you don't have kids come and be a part of it, we have places for you to work. We will have things. If you want to donate before the week starts, it is a huge week and it's done by the church and we would love for you to be a part of that. So mark that we could on your calendar, start praying, now for it.
 And just see how God wants to use you that week. Thank you for coming today. We are so glad that you're here. Come back and join us next Sunday. But as for now go and Faith, we're dismissed
