Well hey everybody. Good morning and welcome to Lake Oconee church both in person and online and I am so excited about today. We've got such an awesome service that you're going to get to participate in. If we haven't met yet, my name is Andy. I'm on staff here and over the next few minutes, we're going to sing a couple of songs together led by James, David Carter.
 Ray Carter and Krista Rooks together with our band and then we're going to hear Mary share her story and I think you'll find it to be very, very encouraging. And we'll jump into part three of our current series. All about how to make our faith run on full while we're living in a world that's kind of stuck on empty. And so many ways is we go through our day to day lives. And as you came in, you got Krispy Kreme Donuts, right? And that pretty awesome.
 You miss that, they're out in the entryway you can still run back out and grab you one. But that's such a cool way to start the day but if you're our guest we have another gift for you as well. I just know how difficult it can be to visit a church for the very first time and just getting up and planning and showing up and not entirely sure what's going to happen. So thank you for being here and being a part of the service and our guest service team has put together a gift to make that thank you feel really real.
 And so you can grab that gift in the studio. As you leave today, the studio is the glass room that you passed on the way in, so just stop by there. Quickly as you head out the door and you can grab that gift. If you're our guest online, you can go to guest dot Lake. Oconee dot church and will email you a gift your direction as well. Just a small way to say thanks for being a part of the service today. Will in just a minute. We're going to start with our first song and I don't know exactly what your week has looked like maybe it's
 Great week and maybe it's been kind of tough at points. But in this song, There's a phrase that says your lover. Your love is better than I imagined and I don't know if you need to hear this today but you are loved by your heavenly father and the way he loves is even better than you might even imagine. So be watching for that lyric as we get to that in this song and as we get ready for that, stand to your feet. If you would wave at somebody nearby and
 We'll get this thing started.
 Good morning, everybody.
 You know, someone 39 it starts with O. Lord, you have searched me and known me. He knows us because he made us, and he formed us he's with us. So, for the top of the mountain rejoicing, he is there. If we're in The Valleys, he is. There he is.
 Spoke the god of Heaven.
 Is hard.
 Thank you so much for singing with us today. You may be seated and take a look at Mary story.
 Hi, I'm Mary. And I do not like being in front of the camera, but with the encouragement of the people who love me, I am here to tell you
 my story. We moved to Greensboro Georgia, in 2015. I'm here with my husband, John, and our son Mason. Before we moved to Lake Oconee. I didn't really consider church as an option. It wasn't good. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't part of my life, back in 2014, we were living in Smallville.
 Driving me some back and forth to school.
 That. We weren't sure that the following year, he would still be able to attend
 my father suggested.
 Putting an application at like a Coney Academy.
 Just on a whim. And when we got the phone call that we got in,
 that was still very uncertain time because we had a house in Snellville, didn't have any place to live here and basically had to start new,
 We took the leap with the help of my parents.
 Mason went to school, not knowing anyone immediately had friends.
 The following week, John came to check out Lake. Oconee Church, thought it was a good fit and brought us back the next week.
 And after meeting Haley, the family ministry director.
 I felt so welcomed.
 And so loved that. I knew that we were in the right place. When I started the family ministry, I was doing check-in and after a, while Hayley encouraged me to Shadow a small group.
 And I got to see these kids excitement when they were learning about Jesus and it just made me feel a little bit more, like maybe I am making a difference.
 They were the ones that encouraged me to come every week.
 I feel like I was changed.
 And now I just can't imagine my life about it.
 Every Sunday I wake up and I look forward to the day ahead. I would like to thank my mom and dad for always being there for me. I would also like to thank my husband, John for tolerating me. And the rough moments, I want to thank Haley for being my friend and encouraging me everyday to do what's hard and I want to thank my son Mason for always being
 By my side, I want to give a great big shout out to the up Street cones and my up street team that my Sunday is would not be the same without any of you. Thank you for being here for me. My name is Mary and I'm here today to let you know that Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior.
 In Mary's video, you got to hear that. I get to play a small part in her story. So this is super personal to me so I'm going to try not to get emotional but something that Mary didn't get to share in her story just because the time and was right about the time that she joined our family, ministry team and started serving on Guest Services. She also joined my small group so I had a front-row seat to see the change that God was doing in our heart.
 In the relationship that she was building and just how that affected their entire family and it was just incredible to see that. So, I knew when I had a small group leader role in F Street open that she'd be the perfect person to sit in there and just love on those kids and teach those kids who Jesus is and that he loves them. A couple of our kids coming up this week being baptized on Saturday and baptism bash are some of her kids that have set through her small group. I can't wait for my
 little boys to go through her small group and because I know that she will help them create those anchor points of faith, and figure out what faith of their own looks like to them. So it is my incredible privilege to baptize you in the name of the father, that loves you. The Sun that Dad for you in the spirit that lives within you.
 So we couldn't Port you back an hour to when Mary got baptized earlier this morning. So we thought we would Port Mary and Haley out here. Y'all can step this way out onto the stage so you would have a chance to meet Mary. Many of you already know her, but Mary, I am so proud of you for the investment you're making in our children. I remember meeting John when he came to
 Movie theater that first Sunday and I remember meeting you and Mason shortly after that as he brought you all back and I'm so glad that he did and I've been really cool to watch. You make an investment in the lives of our children. But today I'm so proud of you for letting other people know that you have a faith in Jesus Christ and you highlighted that, by being baptized today. And so I'm super proud of you and I'm so grateful that you did. Yeah, for sure give Mary another round of boss if you would
 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
 Well, I don't know if you caught it in Mary's story, but she said there came a point where she realized that she was making a difference. So God's at work in her heart and she's beginning to follow Jesus. But then she's able to make a difference in the life of someone else who's also learning about Jesus and then begins to follow him as well. And that's what we'll highlight at baptism bash on Saturday which is an elementary baptism celebration for elementary children who
 Decided to follow Jesus together with their families, their small groups, and their small group leaders. So that will happen in this space, on Saturday as we celebrate that. But Mary now, as, a follower of Jesus has had an impact in these children's life, and she truly is making a difference. And I know that so many of you serve in different capacities and on different teams, and if you haven't heard it lately, you also are making a huge difference in.
 In other people's spiritual journeys of. Thank you. Thank you, thank you for your part in that. And let me also say to those of you who have a plan for how you support your local church, whether you give using the buckets beside the doors, or whether you give online through, give dot Lake, Oconee dot church. Thank you for doing that. Consistently for having a plan in a pattern because you have a part in Mary's story. And you have a part in the story of the people, Mary is influence.
 And countless others beyond that. So thank you. Thank you for investing in our mission of inspiring people to follow Jesus.
 Well, usually, at this point in the service, it's time for our morning message and depending what your background is, maybe there's somebody that you're familiar with that would stand on a stage and present to you. And at our church, we have a variety of presenters sometimes their live on our stage and sometimes they're from a nearby campus and this morning, we're going to hear from Andy Stanley who is live on stage at Northpoint today and he's bringing us part 3 of our series and
 Old Faithful. But before we get there as your pastor living here in Georgia's Lake Country, I want to take a minute to pray for all of us. So if you would join me. Dear heavenly father. Thank you for your love to us. Thank you for drawing us to yourself as you have done in Mary and John and Mason's life. And God, thank you that you have a plan to use us. So that other people would know who you are as well. And God is we jump into this discussion of how
 our faith can grow and, and be full God. For some of us we were sputtering along, we have such little faith. A spark would be a step forward and God for others of us, we've had faith for quite a while, but sometimes it waivers and God for all of us, no matter where we came in the door this morning, God, I pray that you would allow us to move one step closer in.
 Understanding of you one step deeper in our grasp of what it means to truly trust you. And God I pray that you would build our faith in some small way because we were a part of the service today. I pray these things in Jesus name. Amen.
 One of the things, one of the things that consistently kind of was sort of off-putting or unbalancing to Jesus, first entry followers, especially his disciples were his disciples, in particular, was his his oversized assumption about their capability and their abilities that Jesus. This is so interesting. Jesus.
 Consistently and again he had a short time frame. So we had to kind of speed things up and so because of his short time frame, he was consistently pushing the 12 apostles in particular into situations that they weren't ready for that they weren't prepared for, and they were really in over their head. And as you read, it's a little bit funny at times, they find themselves kind of flailing around trying to figure stuff out. And in some cases, just flat-out failing, just failing like Jesus says, go do this or he puts them in a situation and they just are like we just, we can't do this and they
 Fail. And this happens over and over, and over, and to some extent, maybe they, maybe they should have seen this coming. I doubt we would have either because at the very beginning when Jesus began to choose who would become his famous, you know, 12 Apostles, and you're familiar with this story, perhaps when he first called Peter, Andrew James and John, you remember this, he calls Peter and James and John. And he says he says gentlemen I want you to come follow me, Jesus said, and I'm going to send you out to fish.
 For people, which is strange, right? Or are maybe you heard growing up and I'm going to make you Fishers of Men. Now, that's odd. But what's particularly odd about? This was they had just spent all night fishing for fish and had caught what, nothing? Right, they are fishermen. Who couldn't even catch fish? And Jesus says, don't worry about it. Follow me and you're going to catch people, right? And it's like we're having a hard time catching fish. He's like don't
 Worry about it. We're gonna figure this out then later, even though they were men of the sea know, they grew up around the see, there's a couple of occasions where Jesus puts them in a boat without him, one in particular and pushes them out into the sea, and ask them to basically row across a few miles of the Sea of Galilee, is going to make them on the other side. And even these men who grew up around the sea, they were not even able to row their boat to where Jesus asked them to row their boat. And then at the very end, I mean, this was so intimidating, he gets them together and he smiles and he
 Catherine is Big Vision cast and he says, very truly. I tell you are. You know? King James is verily, verily. I tell you very truly. I tell you you guys, you guys are going to do the works that I have been doing. You been watching me, do all this amazing stuff. You guys are going to be the various kinds of things I've been doing and you're going to do greater things than these thinking. No, we're not. We couldn't even row row row, our boat for six miles across, the southern end of the Sea of Galilee.
 Galilee we're not going to do greater things than you, but Jesus was constantly pushing it and part of it again. He had a very short timeframe to set them up for what he ultimately wanted them to do. So he would create these artificial points of tension and these artificial environment to try to teach them a very, very important lesson and it wasn't just a lesson for them. It was a lesson for me, tell you a little bit about my lesson and minute, and it was a lesson for anyone who claims to be your wants to be a follower of Jesus. Now, the best example.
 Couple of this is one that we're also familiar with because all the gospel writers, tell this story with a little bit different kind of detail a little bit different emphasis one afternoon you again. You if you grew up around church or Insurance, you've heard the story. Jesus was teaching all day. Now, the bad part about Jesus teaching all day is, unfortunately, the gospel writers. Don't tell us what he was teaching and when you read the teachings of Jesus, they're kind of short. But imagine sitting like an all-day seminar with Jesus, you know, a 15-minute little breaks for coffee and bathroom breaks and get back together all day.
 He's teaching. And it's like, if only somebody had recorded an all-day, teaching session with Jesus, how amazing that would be. But anyway, that they're out there all day, there's thousands of people and they've gathered on this Hillside and the Sun starts to, you know, looks like it's going to start to start setting and there, of course there's no restaurants and there's no, you know, there's there's no facilities and so the apostles that come to Jesus and of course, the apostles are worn out at me sitting out there in the sun too, and they're hungry, but they don't want to say Jesus. Can we take a break? We're hungry. So, they kind of blame it on the
 This is Jesus Jesus, we need to we need to have a dinner break. Okay, these people, they've been out here all day. They're hungry. Send the crowds away. Send the crowds away, so they can go because they wanted to go to honestly sent the crowds away, so they can go to The Villages and buy themselves some food and Jesus stares at the crowd.
 Turns and smiles at the disciples or his Apostles. And he says, they do not need to go away.
 You give them something to eat.
 To which I'm sure they thought there he goes again.
 And we'll come back to that in just a minute. If you've been tracking along with us, either online or in person, we're in part, 3 of a series entitled faithful. Fueling your faith in a world on empty, we've discovered, and this is so important, and even if you're not a Christian, you're not a Jesus follower or maybe used to be and you gave up because of something crazy that a Christian said to you or bad Church experience. This is so important that when you read the gospels, Jesus agenda, for his first century followers, and his 21st century followers, is that we would not simply be people who believe
 Things. But we would be people with a very active all in gritty daily relational. You know, in the thick of things faith that basically our faith would not simply be cerebral, it wouldn't be just we believe things about God or believe things about Jesus, but we would have an active, very activated Faith, which explains why Jesus initial invitation, and why his invitation to me and his invitation to you was two words. Follow me, is that I want you to move.
 And I want you to live and I want you to respond and I want you to react in a different direction and Jesus never altered this invitation. Now eventually, the church did eventually the church pulled back from follow me to Simply believe in me. And yes, Jesus invited people to believe in him but he never intended. Any never invited them to stop their believe. In me was basically the threshold to follow me. In fact, he invited
 Got to follow him and I love this and especially if you're considering Christianity Jesus invited people to follow him before he invited them to believe in him because the follow part was too gritty part. The follow part was the active part and the follow part is what he knew would ultimately build and confirm their belief in him, but believe just believe is easy. It's so much easier than follow right? It's safer. It's less demanding. It doesn't it doesn't require any change at all. You just
 Make a decision in your head but Jesus didn't invite people to Simply believe true things. He invited people to live a life that reflected this ultimate and awesome and big and bold confidence. In God, our heavenly father, he invited us to live a life that reflects our confidence and our trust in God as father. Because as we said throughout the series trust is the is the currency of a relationship. And so Jesus invited his first century followers and he invites you and he invites me to follow him to live a life that
 X confidence in our faith in God is it turns out as you read the Old and New Testament that God is. Most honored God is most honored by living not just in our heads or in our hearts by living active here. And now Faith and when are active daily faith, I'm choosing to forgive, I'm choosing to follow up, I'm choosing to step in, I'm choosing to be compassionate, I'm choosing to be generous, I'm choosing to respond, like Jesus are when our active Faith, intersects with God's faithfulness, on the back end.
 Our faith grows but believing without doing believing without doing results in a frail failing flailing, fragile Faith. So people I mean Jesus didn't invite people to Simply believe things. He invited people and he wants us to follow him. He invites us to ask this question and a couple of weeks ago somebody took the screenshot from the message and posted it and said this is the question. They want to wake up to every day and I was so encouraged because this is the
 Question, we should wake up to every day. We should wake up to the question. If you're a Jesus follower. What would I do? What would I do? What would I, how would I live? How would I respond? How would I react? How would I respond to her? How I respond? How would I respond to them? What would I do? How would I live? And what would I attempt? What would I initiate? What would I avoid? What would I do? If I was absolutely confident that God was actually with me. So, in this series, we're
 Are asking and hopefully answering the question. I'm over the course of a lifetime. Not just as adults but over the course of a lifetime, what facilitates our, what fuels, the development of active enduring faith, and you've met people like this. In fact, many of you are people like this people who just are confident in God, and they should be in. The seems like they would react this way, but they react that way and you asked him, why? And it's like, well, I'm a Christian, I'm a Jesus follower, they just, they just live a different kind of life and based on what Jesus taught and based, on our
 Conversations with Excuse Me, based on what Jesus taught and based on our conversation with really hundreds and hundreds of people through the years. We've discovered there, at least five things for five essential ingredients to a growing and during active faith, that there are five things that God uses consistently to blow up and to grow up our faith. So, last week, we looked at the first of the five, we call it practical teaching and we call it practical teaching because whenever somebody tells their faith Story, I mean, if you were to tell your faith story, if you've been a Jesus follower for a while,
 Whenever people tell their face story they always include. And then I started going to this church and for the first time in my life or then I began attending a Bible study in for the first time in my life or then I was involved in a campus ministry and when I was a university student and for the first time in my life, somebody gave me practical application. Somebody gave me handles, I'd always sort of believed in God, but I never understood how belief in God or belief in Jesus. So it was supposed to interface or actually show up in my day-to-day living.
 So my faith got bigger when for the first time, somebody told me what to do and how to live out my faith, they taught me what to do with what? I believe, they gave me a handles and applications because, and the reason, this grows our faith is when our active faith, not what we're just, you know, thinking about in our head, when our active Faith, intersects with God's faithfulness on the back end, our faith grows. That is when we step out and do what we think God wants us to do with no guarantee of how things are going to turn out.
 And then after we step out and obey, God, whatever that is, and then we experience God's faithfulness on the back end, you know, what happens to your faith grows. It's like a muscle. If you don't exercise it, you have the muscle. But if you don't exercise it, it doesn't get bigger. And are exercised, active Faith, grows our faith. But if you're never in an environment where somebody teaches you and shows you how to live out your faith, it's going to be difficult to exercise that muscle. So, when we experience God's,
 This on the back end of a decision to trust God, we actually experience God. In fact, some of you there and I'm going to tell you a couple of minute and I'm trying not to get emotional, but they're there for many of us who follow Jesus for a long time. There are moments. There are segments, there are seasons. There are stories in our lives, when we think back. And when we tell those stories, it's always emotional for us because we just never felt that internal nodes. We knew we needed to, we needed to apologize, we needed to write that letter.
 Letter. We needed to volunteer. We need to be more generous. We needed to whatever and we didn't know how it was going to turn out. We didn't have the time. We didn't have the money, you know, we didn't have the emotional bandwidth but we did it anyway. And then on the back end, God just did something. We couldn't anticipate and we never forget those moments in our confidence, in God, gets bigger. So practical teaching, the second thing that grows up and blows up, our faith is related to that and is similar to that. We'd refer to as personal Ministry personal Ministry.
 When anybody tells their faith story and they answer the question, what did you know, what was it along the way that grew up and blew up your faith? People always talk about the first time they stepped out of their comfort zone to serve someone else or some someone else's in a way that they didn't feel prepared for. They didn't feel adequate but they just they just knew they were supposed to do it. They stepped out and they serve somebody in Jesus name because they just felt that internal nodes. They essentially, they tell the
 We of stepping into someone else's story or stepping into a group of people story. A neighbor may be a non profit and nonprofit that was doing something significant in the world. They had a burden for that and they thought I want to help, but what can I do? And then they got involved in on the back end, they feel like God used them to make a difference stepping into a middle school or a high school group because I remember what I was like, in middle school, and if I'd had somebody do for me, when I feel like God wants me to do for this group and but I'm intimidated and middle schoolers scare me in high school or scare me. But you know what?
 God, you know, if you can use me, I'm in. And on the back end, you know, relationships were formed relationships with parents. I mean, everybody who's followed Jesus for any amount of time, has felt that that nudge to step into the game and to embrace some sort of personal Ministry. Some of you remember the first time you were challenged to go on what we call a global X trip for if you're from different kind of different churches, a mission trip. And you found yourself signing up for something, then you had to update your passport and had to get a shot. And, you know, it's like,
 You're thinking to yourself. What, what am I doing? Am I crazy? I mean, I'm not a missionary, you know, and then on the back end because of who you met and because of what you did, something happened on the inside of you. And whenever anybody tells their story, or when you tell your story, here are some of the things that we hear, right? I was so nervous, right? I was, I was in over my head, you know, they gave me this lesson and I sat down with these kids and I thought, I don't even know the Bible all that. Well, myself, I felt inadequate and unqualified
 But it's part of the story but I knew I knew I didn't know what was going to happen. I didn't know how I was going to turn out. I knew I didn't have enough time. I didn't I didn't have the resources. I there was no guarantee but I just, I don't know. I just knew this is what God was nudging me to do and I wanted to back out and I wondered why why did I sign up for this? And I thought everybody here smarter than me and everybody here knows the answers. What if I say it wrong? But when people tell their story, when you tell your story when I tell my story, what do we say? We say but I just
 I went ahead anyway and the reason it's part of our story is it because we're great. The reason is part of our story is because on the other side of that decision we experienced God's faithfulness and God's provision and we you know again the emotional part is that God used you and God used me in someone else's life.
 Pushing through pushing through our inadequacy pushing through our inadequacy in order to say yes to God for the benefit of other people. It just grows our faith. It grows in during strong, you know, going to get through the next one as well. Faith, when we push through our inadequacy, I don't have time. I'm scared. I don't have the resources. I'm too old. I'm too young and not educated enough, whatever it is, but I feel like God's nudging me when we push through our inadequacy on the other side of that. That's when we experience God's faithfulness and our faith.
 Gets bigger. In fact, some of you as I'm saying this. You're thinking oh my goodness did somebody send them an email email because you've been wrestling with this. You you've been feeling a nudge to start something or do something, maybe in the community, maybe in the city, maybe in a different city. Maybe a different part of the world may be in your local church, but you'd be kind of feeling that nudge and, you know, you believe it might be from God, but it's going to require something of you and you're resisting. You did, you know, we all resist. That's
 Not a lack of faith. You know what it is. It's a test of your faith. It's a test of my faith. God, I don't know how it's going to work out. I don't know that I'm adequate, but if this is a view, I'm going to do. What I know how to do. I'm going to trust you to do, what only you can do because that nudge won't cease. It won't desist. And again you have no idea. Here's the other big thing about this, right? You have no idea what hangs in the balance of your decision. If you say yes or no, you have no idea what hangs in the balance in terms of what's going.
 Happen. But here is something I know for sure. Hangs in the balance, the quality and the strength of your faith, the quality, and the strength of your faith. Because saying, yes to God to step in, to serve other people. It's one of the five things. God always uses to grow our faith. You don't believe me. Just ask the disciples. So let me get back to the story. Lord, lord, lord, lord, they're hungry, we're hungry, but don't tell him that Lord sent the crowds away, so they can go to The Villages and buy themselves. Some food Jesus looks at them, says,
 They do not need to go away. You give them something to eat. Now, little more context for this story because it's I think it's interesting right before this incident, here's what had happened, Herod Antipas, not Herod the Great who kill all the babies in Bethlehem. But his son Herod Antipas was the governor of the northern part of what we would call Modern Israel, or Galilee back then Northern. He was the governor and he was not a fan of John, the Baptist because John the Baptist was not a fan of Herod Antipas because are to hear it.
 Tubers had married. His brother Philips wife herodias. So Herod married, Mary herodias after she divorced herod's brother. Now this was a big No-No. It's kind of odd now but it was like against the law by then against Jewish law. So John, the Baptist who was not afraid to say, whatever came to mind, would talk in the streets about Herod Antipas and how he had married, his brother's wife, so herodias, the wife of Philip who divorced Philip in order to marry Herod Antipas? He she was not a fan of John, the Baptist either. So she talked to her husband and to
 Arresting, John the Baptist which was a big problem because people in that part of the world thought, John the Baptist was a prophet. They were they knew he was a prophet. We think he might have been a relative of Jesus, we knew their money. We know that their mothers were really good friends so you got this situation and then finally Herod and herodias Herod Antipas. His new wife after divorcing. Phillip are you following this? I know it's easy to I know but we're accustomed to these things that happened back then as well anyway, so herodias her.
 It is talks her daughter her teenage daughter into going in before Herod Antipas, her husband and his buddies, and doing a very, she went in and danced before them. We'll just leave it at that. So, the hair and his buddies, they are also there. So worked up after this very sensual dance, herod's drunk and he says, you know, that was so amazing. I'll get just name something. What name your price. That was so amazing. I'll give you whatever you ask for thinking. She's going to want some cash or a car.
 And she leaves the room and all the guys are like, where'd she go? And she goes to see her mother. And says, okay, what do you want and her Wicked mother. Herodias, says, tell your stepfather. My new husband that I want John, the Baptist head on a meat platter. See, this is why you should read the Bible. Okay, you didn't even know this part was in there, right? I want John the Baptist head on a meat platter. So she goes back in there all just crowds in there all, you know.
 No drunk and she said, he's like, okay, you know, what do you want? And she says, I want John the Baptist head on a meat platter. Now he's stuck because he said this in front of all his buddies, the sure enough. He sends his executioner down to dungeon, the chop John, the Baptist head off and they literally put it on a meat, platter and give it to herodias, because that's what she want us. Now, she's done with John the Baptist. Well, word of all this gets to back to Jesus. I mean, this is, this is terrible, right? I mean either, there's so much grief. Imagine the disciple, let me John, the Baptist was the ladies and gentlemen, Prime for May I, please
 I present to you, you know, the the Lamb of God, that comes to him and he was the Forerunner of Jesus and now he's dead, and Jesus did nothing to stop it. Now, I know from time to time, we're all disappointed with God, but we just are and you just need to know this was not, that's not new with us and this generation. I mean imagine the disciples. They seen Jesus turned water into wine. I mean that wasn't even important, right? Yes. It's fun but it wasn't important. They'd seen Jesus heal strangers.
 And he did nothing, he didn't lift a finger to help his own second or first cousin, or a friend or Forerunner John the Baptist. This this just made no sense at all. So you should be encouraged, sometimes God's lack of response or not responding to way that we don't want that. We want God to respond, doesn't make any sense to us. Jesus responses in the first century often didn't make sense either back to the story. So when Jesus, when Jesus heard, what had happened to heroin to John the Baptist,
 He withdrew by boat privately to a solitary place. Okay. This is I just have to say it. Jesus finds out that John. The Baptist has been executed and he goes to the lake.
 It's what he did. He went, in fact, he went as far away from the region that he went to the farthest northern part of Galilee. He went to the lake to a solitary place. He's upset, he's tired, we find out. He's been doing all this ministry. He wanted to be alone, reflect, and recuperate. And a boat was the only way to escape because when there are crowds and there are no Cars, the only way to get away from the crowd, is you getting a boat? This one, the reasons? Jesus spent so much time around the Sea of Galilee is like, guys, I'm tired. Let's get in the boat and go so hearing of this story continues hearing of
 Us with that Jesus jumped in the boat and head across part of the see the crowds followed him on foot. So they just go around the edge of their, is it still the still inside still inside because they just, they can't get enough of Jesus. And when Jesus landed, he saw the large crowd. They had, they were there waiting on him. I love this. And he was so upset, he had compassion on them.
 And healed their sick.
 and now the story and as evening approached,
 The disciples came to him and said, this is a remote place and it's already getting late. Send the crowds away. I thought we came for a vacation anyway and send them. This is her sent the crowds away. So they can go to The Villages and buy themselves. Some food sent the crowds away so that they can buy themselves some food. Some, the disciples asked Jesus to do something and then Jesus turns to the disciples and he asked them to do something. Now, you give them.
 You give them something to eat, Jesus. Invites them to be a part of the solution to the problem.
 But what he asked him to do was impossible. There's thousands of people right now, John Matthew, Mark, Luke John. He also tells us this thing story, John said this is kind of cool. John said that Jesus said this to test them. In other words, he knew it was impossible. He knew they were incapable, he knew they did not have what it took to do, what he was asking them to do that, it was a test and John also tells us because looking back, John got all the scoop because he was there for this, when he talked to Jesus afterwards, Jesus told John, look, I knew it. I was going to do the whole
 It was a test for you guys had a very short period of time. I'm trying to teach you to trust me. I'm trying to teach you to stepped into areas where you're not adequate and trust me to do what only I can do. So when I you said, hey send the people away and so they can get something to eat. I thought, hey, this is a great opportunity, you give them something
 To eat Andrew one of the apostles who I was named after its admission that Andrew speaks up. He says, well Jesus, there is a kid in the audience here and apparently he overheard our conversation and he is offered us his lunch. But I've looked at his lunch and all we have in his lunch box. All we have here are
 Five loaves of bread and two, fishes, five loaves of bread and two fishes. Now
 you haven't been paying attention, pay attention.
 I love what Jesus says next. Five loaves of bread to fishes for thousands of people. I love what Jesus says, next, this you looking, this is how big problems are solved. This is how macro community-wide Citywide Nationwide. Solve problems are addressed.
 And this is an invitation to all of us and Jesus smiles, and he says, bring them here to me. I know it's one kid with one lunch, bring them here to me.
 And there I stand and there you stand with our lobes and our fish, some of you have more Loaves and fish, some of you have more fish than lows and that we don't all have the same resources. We don't all have the same capability, but we all got a little
 Something. And every single, Jesus follower is invited bring them here.
 To me you you want me to do something. I want you to participate. You want me to do something big, you want me to do something big for the Next Generation? You want me to do something big in the community. You want me to do something big in the nation. You want me to be an event praying for change. I want you to participate. So
 You bring me.
 What you got?
 Remember sometimes I ask you what, breaks your heart, hey what breaks your heart, we all kind of it breaks our heart, what breaks your heart Jesus says, bring me what you got. Well Ghana know what breaks my heart is. Such a big issue. Just spring me. What you got? Is it the face of the Next Generation? Bring me what you got? Is it your neighbor or your neighborhood? Bring you what you God? Is it University students and bring me what you got. Is it the people at work? Bring you what you got.
 There they stand. There are thousands of people kind of Milling around, since starting to go down.
 There they stand. Staring at each other and Andrew just, you know, alright. Jesus.
 There it is. This should be interesting. But every day with Jesus, if you're one of these guys, interesting, right?
 So, Jesus directed the people, you know, the story to sit down on the grass and taking the Five Loaves and the two fish, you looked up to heaven. I love this. This is like when he's standing outside of Lazarus tomb, he prays that cool prayer before he raises Lazarus from the dead. Dear heavenly father, you know, it's about to happen but I just want them to know that we're connected. So, okay, here we go. Boom, Lazarus, that's what this is. This prayer is all about Heavenly. Father. You know what's about to happen? I just want everybody here to know this. Not me, it's you through me. So, here we go. And he said, looking up to heaven, he gave. Thanks and he broke the load.
 And then he gave them.
 To the disciples. Now, what
 and you know what they did?
 They did what they knew, how to do.
 And they trusted that Jesus knew what he was up to sit. They did what they knew how to do. And they trusted the somehow Jesus was going to come through, they literally, we use this phrase out of context all the time, it drives me crazy, we don't, but I hear it all the time out of context. This is literally what they did, they walked by faith. They didn't come up with something for God to do and say God, I'm just going to trust you to know. This was not their idea walking by faith isn't coming up with stuff to do.
 An imposing on God. Walking by faith is when you feel the nudge to do something. You know you can't do and you step into it anyway. They literally walked into the crowd hoping. They weren't gonna look like total fools.
 And the disciples gave him, you know, the story and the disciples gave them, he gave them to the disciples and the disciples gave them to the people and their active activated Faith intersected with God's faithfulness. And something remarkable happened. They were all, they all ate and they all ate and we're satisfied, and the disciples picked up twelve baskets with broken pieces that were left over. Now this, this whole concept is so personal for me and I saw
 I want it to be personal for you. It's so personal for me when I talked about in this room because twenty five and a half years ago, a group of us felt the nudge to start a different kind of church that we were told wouldn't work in the Southeast because people had tried it, it's not going to work. There's too many churches in the south east as it is. But we wanted to create a church that unchurched people would actually attend and love to attend and bring their friends want to create a church. We got rid of all the stuff that got in the way of people just turning their hearts toward God and we left our jobs and we, you know, we just
 The problem was we could not do it because the nudge was so strong and every time I see a baptism every time I walk into this every time I drive over and see the building or see what else God has done through us all over the city and different parts of the world. It is so humbling to me and I just I know you look at me and it's like oh but too successful and it's big but once upon a time I'm telling you once upon a time, it was this big
 just,
 Bring them here to me.
 ten years ago once and I felt the nudge become, foster parents who
 I'm like there's no way. I mean I'm too busy either that or it's like he just doesn't go away. It doesn't go away. You got to become foster parents. Like we don't have what it takes. Then we went through the training and we really knew we didn't have what it takes right.
 You know, it was in our lunch box.
 Empty bedrooms, and a little bit of financial margin.
 Spring is here to me and what's happened. Sorry! Those happen in my heart and what's happened to my faith. I'm telling them, they will, and you got big Faith. You're the preacher? No, I'm just a human. Okay? What has, what has happened in our heart, in our life, in our faith? Because we all right, here we go. But this is the way of God. This is why I say this is how the world changes, this is how communities change. And on the other side of it, this is how your faith just gets.
 Bigger. So, I want you to say something with me. And again, if you're a Jesus follower, I make no apology for this. If you're not a Jesus follower, you feel like I'm manipulating you. I apologize. I really don't want to do that, but if you're a Jesus follower, I just want you to repeat this after me. Would you say this with me? Altogether, ready. I'll do what I can do. Come on. Just come on people. I'll do it and second part and trust God to do, what only he can do this. I'll just say that together. Ready, I'll do what I can do and trust God to do.
 Own. That's the Walk of faith and that's the walk that builds your faith. And as long as it's just something you believe you're going to have a little itty-bitty frail muscle. And when you need it, it's not going to be there for you. Now, here's the cool part. I got to finish the story real quick. Do you know what Jesus does after this imagined this moment? Okay? The the apostles are collecting more fish and bread, or more bread than they actually gave out to begin with. I mean, they are laughing. They are giggling. I mean, this is like, what just
 Happen and I Think Jesus is smiling and the people are eating and they're beginning to think hey we got it going on let's go do this some more and Matthew who was there says I love this. The next word immediately before it goes to their head before they think. Wow look at us and go. Come on. Matthew says immediately immediately. Jesus says let's go.
 They're like yeah, but this is kind of, uh, let's go.
 Take them down to the lake, puts them in a boat, pushes it off and says row row, row the boat. And once again they can't make it to the other side and the text tells us that he asked them to do this. Hoping they would connect the dots between the lesson of the Loaves and the journey across the lake because he had a compressed time frame to teach these men. Trust me.
 Trust me, do what you can do and trust me to do what you can't do. This is the way of the kingdom of God, and this is the way that the world.
 Changed. In fact, that particular Story, the only person that connected the dots was Peter but that's a story for another day and then Imagine This
 At the very end, Jesus stands on another Hillside. And now, he's just got the apostles in a few extra folks, in, about 20 or 30 women who had supported and followed him From Galilee and Jesus hands off the entire Enterprise to the same group of people.
 He says, okay, I've done all I can do. I've taught you all. I can talk member the loaves. Remember the lake? Remember the lessons. Now, I want you to go and I want you to make disciples of all nations are thinking. Wait, wait! Wait most of us. Haven't traveled any, you know, we've been about 50 miles away from home. You want us to Go, Make Disciples, or Jesus followers of all Nations, that's impossible.
 We got it. We get it.
 I'm just gonna bring you what we got.
 Make Disciples of all Nations. We're Outlaws and fugitives Make Disciples of all Nations, and tell you what Jesus will do what we can do and will trust you and your heavenly father to do it. Only you can do ladies and gentlemen, 2000 years later, here we are.
 This is the place that every Jesus follower finds themselves in at some point and when you hesitate when you say no, when you decide, I'm just going to keep it here and not out there. Your faith atrophies in it, it's weakened. Its frail, and it's not there for you when you need it. And it's not there for somebody else. When they needed that nudge, that that nudge to serve that nudge, the step in that nudge, the step out that notes to invite that nudge to lead whatever it might be. That is your opportunity to experience God in
 You're just not going to experience from the safety of. Hey, I don't have what it takes. Somebody else is going to have to do that.
 When it comes when it comes. And when you feel drawn and nudged, you don't know what's going to happen on the other side. You'll never know everything that hangs in the balance of your decision to step out or not, step out. But the one thing, you know, for certain hangs in the balance. Is your faith?
 And the practical application of your faith in the strength of your faith and the endurance.
 Of your faith and perhaps the maturity of somebody else's faith.
 As well, because personal Ministry, here's what does two things. It positions us to experience God's power in our weakness, which is, what God does personal Ministry positions us to experience. God's faithfulness in response to our little itty bitty. I'll give you what I got ax.
 The faith. So if you want endearing, Go the Distance Faith. Don't just believe things. You got to say, yes, to that nudge, you gotta step out before you're ready because you'll never be ready before, you know what's going to happen because you can't know what's going to happen. Other than your faith is going to get
 Bigger, but we do know is this.
 I'm going to bring you. What I got, is one of the five things that God uses consistently to grow up and blow up our faith. And the folks that said, yes,
 I'll give you what I got. Those are the people that change the world. And here's the warning.
 The people that say no, we don't know their names.
 But perhaps, you know, somebody who gave into that nudge and it changed your world. In fact, you're here, you're a Believer, you're doing things, you never thought you'd do before because somebody knocked on your door. Invited you to something or ask you to participate in something and they were scared to death. In fact, they told you later on is like, I almost didn't ask you and you're like, I'm so glad you gave in to that nudge because it's so impacted your world. Here's the thing. And I'm done somewhere in the world.
 There's someone who's life his child, whose marriage who's grandchild whose faith.
 Will be changed once you step up.
 And make available to God.
 What's in your lunch box, again? There's a story that is yet to be told and your heavenly father saying
 Just bring me what you got you, you do what only you can do.
 And I'll do what only I can do and you'll be amazed at what we can do.
 Together.
 You give them, you give them something to eat and we will pick it up right there. Next time in part, 4 of Faith, volume. Now, before you go because of the Season wherein, as a group of churches, there's just one question, okay? And it's the question I want you to answer today. Okay. The question is, are you and hope the answer is? Yes. Are you planning to serve in your local church? The season that simple. Are you planning to serve in your local church the season? I certainly hope so.
 This time at all of our linear churches. I'm gonna invite your lead, Pastor up to tell you how you can take a next step if your answer to that question is, in fact, yes.
 So as we listen to a message like this and especially when there's an ending, with a question that says, are you planning to leverage that opportunity to step into something? Are you planning to do that inside your local church? There's a couple of objections that come to most of our minds in that moment and I would guess that those objections. They probably go something like this, they say on the one hand,
 I don't have any time. I don't have time to do anything more than I'm already doing. What I have, what I've already committed to, it doesn't fit. I don't see a way through. I'm trying to find a place to rest and it's probably never been more true than as we emerge from covid. If that's proper terminology because there's a group of people who have been able and tried to figure out the best way to volunteer.
 Bring covid and through covid. And as they emerged on the other side, they're saying, you know, I I think I need a little bit of a break. I need to find a moment to rest. And then there are those who have sheltered in place during covid of medical necessity. And, and then, as covid kind of begins in some ways to wrap up, it seems there's a piece of us that says, well, I need a break. I need a break to go on some of the trips that got
 Nestled. I need to break to spend time with family that I haven't seen. And all of us come back to this moment of saying, I don't have any time and at the same moment we imagine that at some other stage in life, then we'll have more time at that stage. It'll be different will have less on our schedule until we get there and we realize that we have as much on our schedule. Now as we ever have before,
 War.
 And we all conclude that we don't have enough time. And that's true because the only people who have time, are the people who find time, the people who make time, the people who take time.
 At the same time for others of us are our objection is. I don't really have anything to offer. I'm not sure what I would say to a kindergartener or I don't know how I would run a piece of technology that helps the service happen. I don't know how to handle those things. And these objections that they're real, we don't have time and we may not know how we would make a difference in a particular role or opportunity and that's exactly.
 Are our heavenly father shows up and that's where our faith grows. As we take a step towards what we're being nudged towards. That's when our faith grows, even if we can't see the way clear to the answers to these objections. At the same time, our volunteer and team leaders, they do such an extraordinary job of meeting people where their schedules are and helping them find a spot on a team that suits
 them while accommodating complex schedules. And at the same time, all of our teams as people step, in to volunteer, we provide materials, we provide training and we provide a Lifeline for every single one of our volunteers. And so, I would encourage you to push past these objections. And here's why. Because if you push past these objections,
 A couple of things happen.
 If you push past those objections, it can make a massive difference in your faith, but it also can make a massive difference in their faith. The person that you're investing in and sometimes that's 121 or sometimes it's behind the scenes and you'll never get to meet everyone that you impact because you served on the production team or because you were a face in the parking lot that made someone feel comfortable as they drove into the parking.
 King lat, you may not get to meet them personally but it makes a difference in your faith. When you step in to a gap you don't know how you're going to fill and it makes a difference in their faith because you're playing a part that makes an eternal difference. And so after we listen to this talk you often we will challenge us to do a couple of things at the end of a message. Sometimes it's hey, go home and think about this, give some thought to what we talked about.
 Out other times. It's here's some questions. We'd love for you to get together with your small group and process this together. Talk it out together but today, I want to ask you to do something different. I want to ask you to take a simple step, a step to investigate an area that interests you, and here's an example of those areas.
 Take a simple step to investigate whichever of these Sparks your interest. Most, there's the opportunity to serve with kids that are five and under that's babies and toddlers And preschoolers. And there are folks that love to connect with children, who are that age, there's the opportunity to lead children who are in kindergarten through 5th grade, that's the elementary age group, that's where Mary serves. There's the opportunity to serve with students and
 Arlen High School, the opportunity to be a part of creating the Sunday service each week in production, the opportunity to be a part of guest services and helping me to guess where they're at. Because we know that every Sunday is somewhat he's first Sunday.
 Five different areas, which one of those Sparks, the greatest interest in you because I would ask you to respond to that in one of two ways. In just a minute, we're going to put a QR code on the screen, and you can point your phone's camera at that QR code. And it'll take you to a website where you can very easily express your interest or if you're a pen and paper, kind of person as you walk out today in the entryway, there's some sign-up sheets where you
 Can put your name and circle, one of those areas. But either way, take that simple step to express your interest and in return will have somebody reach out to you and give you a behind-the-scenes tour of that area, so that you can learn more about it. Learn more about the opportunities in that particular area and I would love for you to know more about our church and the impact that you could make by taking that simple step.
 But here's the thing, as we wrap up today, don't miss your chance to make a lasting Difference by doing something. You'll like alongside people you'll love. So as we wrap up, we're going to put that QR code on the screens right now. And for those of you who are our guests, thank you for being a part of the service today as you leave, don't forget to pick up your gift from the studio. The glass room that you'll pass on your way out.
 For all of us will jump in to part 4 of this series next Sunday and I hope that you have a phenomenal week between now and then, take care.
