Well, hey everybody. Good morning and welcome to Lake. Oconee church both in person and online and since we've been together, last, we've watched the end of the Masters. We've held a successful g day, so maybe that Sparks a little bit of faith that things can kind of get back to normal. But then as, for many of us, we watch the events of this week and they weigh heavy on us. That may even cause some of us to question our
Faith. And so I'm excited that we are in a series called faithful all about how to escalate our faith in a world that's running largely on empty. So we'll be talking about that this morning but before we get there, I want to say, welcome to those of you who are our guests. Thank you for being here. I know how difficult it can be to really visit anywhere for the first time, but to visit church for the first time that can be really difficult, and you've got a plan.
 Your schedule, you've got to get up on a Sunday and show up and thank you for being a part of our service and as a way of making that thank you real. Our guest service team has put together a gift. I'd love for you to take with you as you go. So as you leave this morning, you can swing by the studio, which is the glass room that you passed on the way in. And you can grab that gift quickly and take that with you. As you go, it's actually something I think you'll enjoy using during the week. It's not anything cheesy. So you'll definitely want to plan to
 By and grab that before you leave today and if you're our guest online, you can go to guest dot Lake. Oconee dot church and we will email you a gift. Another something special that I think you'll enjoy using but it's a small way that we can say. Thanks for being a part of our service today. Well as we get into the morning, what we're going to do next is sing a couple of songs together and the words of those songs will be on the screen in front of you. And the words are designed to remind us of who God is and how he
 Desires for us to see him. So as you stand together, we're going to get started. So wave to somebody near you and then we'll get this thing going.
 I took a breath with your
 To Shadow. You won't light up.
 And I don't always understand, I don't always get to see. I will believe it.
 Sound, will believe you make.
 What an exciting thing to be reminded of. Hey, thanks for singing with us. We'll invite you to grab your seats.
 We sing together and we say that God, would you you move mountains? You knock over huge giants in our lives. And the reality is that God has done that for many of us in many situations, but God often uses us to be that instrument in someone else's life. And that was true of us as a church. Over the course of these last couple of weeks because you may have seen it.
 In the Lakey, Coney News but the Greene County food. Pantry put an article in the news highlighting, what you did on over Easter weekend because together we collected just under two tons of food in that awesome. Yeah.
 Two tons of food. It was given to the Green County food pantry and they are able to use that in the lives of people that have real tangible needs right now. And they are so incredibly grateful for your generosity. But that isn't the only thing that happened over Easter weekend. We had to Easter egg hunts. We had two Outdoor Services and I know that some of you were traveling, some of you were serving in other places. And so I wanted to make sure that
 You could see what happened here over Easter weekend. So, take a look at this.
 so Easter weekend is a special weekend because we get to be together, we get to invite friends and family, but it really is a special weekend because Easter is the story that goes to the heart of our faith, the idea that Jesus rose again
 Brings inspiration for our daily lives. So I want to say thank you to those of you who have a pattern of giving intentionally to our mission of inspiring people to follow Jesus because as you give you help make things like what we did together on Easter weekend possible and if that's a mission you haven't stepped into yet, there's an opportunity for you to do that. You can give at any time using the buckets that are beside the doors as you leave.
 Give each Sunday or you can give online through, give dot Lake, Oconee dot church and you can give a one-time gift. You can schedule a recurring gift but all of that is possible through our website. Well, if you're newer to our church you may expect in the next couple of minutes that someone will come out and and present a message for this morning and that happens around here often but we also have really a variety of speakers and sometimes
 They're live on our stage and sometimes they're live from a nearby campus and this morning, we're going to be hearing from Andy Stanley who's live on stage at North Point in Alpharetta today. And Andy is going to be bringing us into part two of our series entitled faithful. And I think you'll be encouraged as we listen and grow together. But before we get there, as one of your pastors living here in George's Lake Country, I would love to pray for you. So let me take
 Take a minute to do that. Now,
 Dear heavenly father, thank you for your love to us. Thank you that in the messiest of our circumstances, that you do move mountains that you do remove the Giants, the obstacles in our lives and God, right. This minute, I think of many men and women who are battling through some, some really big stuff right now and God I pray that
 In these moments that they would know your presence that they would sense your love that they would know our prayers.
 and at the same time, God, I pray that you would guide them through these circumstances that you would be their comfort their encouragement and their hope
 and God in these next few minutes is Andy speaks to us, God,
 We all need to grow in our faith. It's why we came in the door. And for some of us that growth, May simply be a flicker. A spark of Faith, as we investigate, whether whether your real, whether there really is something for us to trust at all. And for others of us, we that Faith step may be beginning to practice something that we've heard and known and seen. And today, we see it in a fresh way.
 God, I pray for all of us. Draw us closer to you grow our faith today because we're here and I pray that you would guide us. As we listen it's in the name of Jesus that we pray all of these things, amen.
 It's believing think about this, if simply believing was enough to make our lives better think how much better our lives would be. What if all you had to do is just believe all the right stuff and then all of a sudden whatever it was, you believe translated into just the at your actual life. If if believing was all that mattered, simply believing was all that mattered, think how much better our lives would be. I mean we all believe in the health of the the science behind Health but imagine if we didn't have to actually eat right? Just knowing or believing the science behind
 Nutrition automatically translated into Better Health, how much better our lives would be or we know that we believe in the science behind exercise but what if we didn't actually have to exercise we can just we just believed in the science behind exercise and just believing translated into better health. I mean if believing was enough and if believing made our lives better just think how much better our lives would be think how much better we'd be better off financially because we all believe kind of financial principles which to stay out of consumer tat. We should live below. Our income me was you.
 Believe on our means, we should save more. We should spend last we should shop less. What if, what if believing translated into all the value of doing without having to do? What if, what if simply believing? We would be so much happier. None of us would be addicted to anything because we all believe we should be addicted to things. So if a believing was enough, just think how much better our lives would be. If you're in school, you get this because you believed that preparation is the key to doing well in school or
 Well, in preparation is the key to doing well and everything. But what if simply believing that preparation was the way forward but you didn't actually have to prepare when that be amazing but we know that simply believing is not enough and most of us actually know, most of us actually know everything we need to know to live better and more productive lives, but believing and knowing isn't enough. We know, we should be honest and we know we should forgive and we know we should be faithful and we could go on and on all the things we know about relationships.
 Ships and finances and everything else. But what we also know is that simply believing in simply knowing isn't enough for the most part. We know everything we need to know, and we believe everything we need to believe and believe it or not, and believe it or not. Jesus actually knew this Jesus actually knew this and this is why Jesus didn't simply invite us into believing a lot of things. Jesus actually invited us to do things because Believe It or Not, Jesus,
 that believing is not enough even though perhaps you were raised to believe that Jesus just wanted us to believe a lot of things and Jesus knew that knowing things isn't all that there is to life either the simply knowing and believing doesn't make much difference and so he didn't invite people to Simply learn a lot of things and believe a lot of things and know a lot of things he invited people to do things because he knew what we know that doing is what actually makes the difference and and perhaps
 You don't get anything else out of today's message. This next statement will kind of launch you in a New Direction. When we believe when we believe, but don't do our dreams, just don't come true. Right? Because believing isn't enough but worse. And what we're going to talk about for the next few minutes is that when we believe but don't do our faith, our faith becomes frail and our faith becomes fragile and our faith becomes people today. We're in part two of a series entitled
 Fueling your faith in a world on empty. And as we discovered last time, when we launched this series, Jesus had a very specific agenda for his first century, and his 21st century followers, and Jesus agenda, for his first and 21st century followers. Was that we would be men and women and students and seniors characterized by big active gritty in the world, in the community. In relationship faith, that we wouldn't simply believe a lot of things in our head, but that our faith would translate
 eight into real world action and real-world activity. In fact, as we discovered last time, the only thing in the gospels Matthew Mark, Luke and John. The only time we ever find Jesus amazed, or the only time that Jesus ever marveled. Wouldn't you like to be like one of the few people that made Jesus go what you know, the only time Jesus was amazed that. Anything was the time that someone showed or exhibited, this extraordinary big active gritty in the world. Real faith and this explains. Why?
 This invitation, at the very beginning of his ministry and throughout his ministry. And I believe his invitation to you. And his invitation to me, was follow me, follow me, because it's relational and it's active, and it's interactive, and Jesus never changed this invitation. He said, I want you to follow me. And as you follow me, you're going to do different things and you're going to say different things and you're going to respond in a different way and you're going to see the world in a different way. And then you're going to interact with the world in a different way, in the people in the world and different way I want.
 You two follow me and he again he never altered this invitation but unfortunately and this may be a little disruptive for a little bit. And that's okay. Unfortunately, the church pretty soon after Jesus left in the church was launched. The church. A few hundred years later actually begin to alter this invitation and they shifted it from follow. Me to Simply believe in me now is you know because unfortunately this is some of our experience believe in.
 Is a lot easier than follow me and believe in me is a lot safer than follow me and believe in me is a lot less demanding and far less disruptive than follow me. Because follow me means you have to do stuff believe in me. Simply means. Well, I just believe in you. This is Believe in Me is an invitation that leaves you. Exactly where you are because you're not doing anything. We're not doing anything, we're not following anybody there is
 No, actual real world change required, and simply believe in me. But in spite of what you may have heard in spite of, maybe what you learned in Sunday school, when you actually read the gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, when you follow Jesus through his his gritty earthy life. We discovered that Jesus did not invite people to merely believe true. Things about him. So they could go to heaven when they died that Jesus actually invited people to live a life in the here. And now that reflected this
 Big bold confidence and God he invited us to live in the real world, with our families, with our finances, with their friends, and our community, with our responses, with the people who like us, the people who don't, the people who are nothing like us to respond, and to react. As if we really, really believe that God is who God says he is in that God has called us to live the kind of Life, he's called us to live Jesus. Invited people to live a life that reflected their confidence, their trust in and their faith. And God in fact again as we discussed
 Covered last time that God, our heavenly father is most honored and this shouldn't surprise us that God is most honored by our living active death-defying in spite of faith. And by, in spite of faith, I mean, in spite of the fact that I don't know how this is going to work out. I'm going to do this because this is what God has called me to do and this is what Jesus modeled for me. That what what he was what God is, most honored by is active living in the real world response and reaction faith not simply something that
 Doorway and our head and you again. The reason we shouldn't be surprised at this is in the same way. We are most honored isn't this true for you? I know it's true for me that we are most honored when our friends are a husband, or wife or fiance or someone that we care about when they express that kind of confidence in us, we're supposed to be somewhere at 7:00. It's 7:15, we're still not there and your fiance your boyfriend, your husband, your wife, your best friend says, don't worry about it. I'm sure they have a good reason. I'm not worried why? Well, I just know who they are. They're going to
 To come through. I mean, aren't we, most honored when you find out, somebody says something bad about you and a friend stuck up for you and said, nope, I don't believe that's true. That's not the person I know. Did she I've never heard her saying, I've never seen her act that way. I've never seen him act that way, I don't believe that's true of him. I think I know them so. Well, I don't believe that what you're saying is true. If you ever hear a story like that, aren't you? Extraordinarily honored when people fill in the gap between what they equip people expect and what they experience with you and they can either believe the best or believe the worst and somebody
 Chooses to trust you and believe the best. I mean, is there anything more honoring? Well, in the same way as we make our way through the New Testament, as we discover who God, is because of what Jesus taught, our heavenly father is most honored. Our heavenly father is most honored when we live as if he is who he says he is and his Express himself through Jesus and respond in the real world with confidence that God is who God claims to be. That is how God is most honored, which means simply believing
 Alone doesn't really make any difference. Again, as I said earlier. Believing alone, simply believing creates a real fragile, and frail. Feeble kind of faith. In fact, you probably aware of this James, the brother of Jesus who knew what Jesus taught, even though he wasn't sure. He believed who Jesus claimed to be later. James, the brother of Jesus shows up as the leader of the church in Jerusalem believes, his brother, was his Lord and James writes a letter. We called the Book of James and New Testament. And he says, what
 The says, but he says this and we're going to come back to this in a minute. He said, if you have faith that doesn't do anything, if you have faith in your mind or your head, and it doesn't show up in the real world, it's dead and then he uses this word. He says it's useless. It doesn't do any good faith. That doesn't do any good, isn't any good? Now, the reason this is important. For some of you in particular, this may explain why you lost your faith.
 Or it may explain why you feel like you're losing. Your faith will come back to this in a minute as well. That faith is like a muscle if you don't use it. You what you
 That's right, you lose it. If you don't use it you lose it and faith is the same way. And when we don't exercise our faith in the real world, with our time, with the people around us, with our money, with our family, with the things that are required of us. When we don't exercise our faith, our faith begins to wither away. So consequently if you're a person that was raised in some kind of religious system where you were taught and I understand this, because of some things that we find in the New Testament you were taught. Well this is just about believing
 Leave all the right stuff but you never learned or you were never challenged to live out your faith in the real world. Nobody ever gave you handles and applications then it's possible that you believe correctly, but your belief has never been translated into action. And consequently you have a weak and feeble faith, and it could be because of circumstances. You're beginning to lose it or perhaps you've lost it but active and activated Faith. Actually fuels more faith, just like X.
 Sizing a muscle strengthens the muscle, but in active Faith doesn't do anything. Active Faith changes us changes things. So again, Jesus didn't invite us to Simply believe a lot of things. He didn't he didn't simply invite us, you know, to believe different ways that of how the world works. Even though he certainly corrected everybody's world view but then he would correct their worldview and say in light of that. Here's what I want you to do. He invited us to follow him, he essentially,
 He invited us and I guess this is a good way to summarize it. He invited us to wake up every morning and I try to do this to wake up every morning and ask this question, what would I do now? What would I think or believe? But what would I do if I was absolutely confident that God is with me and that God is who God claims to be as revealed through Jesus. If Jesus was right about God, we talked about that last time and God is with me. What would I do today? How would I
 Spawned. What would my attitude be when this happens when I walk into that meeting and they're going to say what they always say, it make me feel the way I always feel. How would I react? What, what would I attempt to do? If I was confident, God was with me? What would I avoid? What would I initiate? So, in this series what we're asking, is this, we're asking the question that over the course of a lifetime over the course of a lifetime, what fuels, or what facilitates, this kind of enduring, active Faith, so that
 Over the course of a lifetime. Not only do we maintain our faith, but we maintain a faith that actually makes a difference in the world. What can we do to ensure that our faith doesn't atrophy? That our faith doesn't dissipate that our faith is that knocked down once and for all by some set of circumstances, how do you build? Go the Distance Faith? Because as we said, we've all met people like that. And when you meet someone like that, especially when they're going through the valley of the shadow of death and they just have this remarkable confidence in God, you find yourself thinking
 I want to have that, and if I'm ever facing those circumstances, I want to have that kind of confidence. Well, the question is, how do you get that kind of faith faith that, you know, is resilient in childhood through adolescence, through the university life, marriage, remarriage, whatever it might be. What creates that kind of in spite of going to follow Jesus. Anyway, kind of Faith. Or another way of asking it is, what are the ingredients? I mean, if somebody would just tell me what the ingredients are, I could put them together and mix them up and have that kind of enduring faith in God.
 God, I would do that. So here's what we've said, that based on what Jesus taught and based on what Jesus modeled throughout the gospels and based on hundreds of interviews that we have done formally and informally with Go the Distance, Christians we're convinced there are five specific things that God uses to grow enduring Faith. Now there may be seven, there may be 10 but we know we feel confident. There are at least five based on the stories of people who told us their faith story.
 When they tell their faith story, these five things show up over and over and over again. And the thing that's amazing is these five things are relevant and interface with us in every season of life. And I've been personally through almost every season of life, I can tell you these five things, you don't outgrow them. They're not a list, it's not five things that you do. It's not five things. You're going to find listed in the Bible that these five Dynamics are. True of anyone who has enduring
 And Faith. So sometimes we refer to these, you may have heard us, talk about the five Faith, Catalyst, or sometimes refer to these, the five cases, based Catalyst, five things God uses to grow up and blow up our faith. And again, they intersect with our lives in every season of life. That's what makes them. So Dynamic. So, for the next few weeks, we're going to explore each one of these. And today, we're going to jump into this first Faith Catalyst, and we refer to it as practical teaching, practical teaching, whenever you hear someone telling.
 Faith story. In fact, for many of you, if you were to sit down and just say, here's my faith story, you would tell me about a time where people talk about a time, they were first introduced to a church, or a Bible study, or a small group, maybe in a university setting or maybe. Once they move to a different city, everybody always tells the story of the first time. Someone opened up the Bible and taught it in a way that they knew what to do with, what they've always believed that for the first time, somebody gave them
 Um, handles, for the first time somebody gave them application. They certainly weren't simply learning new things. They walked out and they knew what to do with what they've learned. And so for people who have enduring Faith, as some point along, the way they were introduced to Hands-On practical Christian Living, they knew what to do with this in their marriage, and with their finances, and with their kids, and in the community. And when they faced Temptation, and when they were going through a difficult time, and when they were worried, and when they were overcome with fear,
 They knew what to do with what they believe in. The reason the reason that application or acting on what we believe grows our faith. The reason this makes our faith bigger is this. And most of us have experienced this somewhere along the way that when are active are activated faith. In other words, when we're actually doing this stuff when our active Faith, intersects with God's faithfulness, on the other side, what happens, our faith gets bigger. And other words,
 When you step out and actually do what Jesus has called us to do and we're going to talk about some of those things in a minute. And you do them thinking, I don't know if this is going to work, I don't know if there's going to be any return. I don't know how this is going to turn out, but you know what? If Jesus Is My Lord, this is what I'm supposed to do when we step out and actually do the things that God has called us to do. And then on the other side of that decision, we experience the faithfulness of God. You know, what happens, our faith or our confidence in God.
 Bigger and get stronger.
 Now, there are so many illustrations of this. And again, many of you can stand up this minute and talk about the first time you did something where you thought. Okay, this is crazy. This isn't the way I was raised, you know, I don't know how this is going to work, but I really feel like this is something God wants me to do. And you just said, okay, here we go. And you felt a little bit like it was a free fall and then on the other side, you experience God's faithfulness and what happened your faith, it got bigger, but until you took that step until you apply that,
 Rinsable until you went home and begin talking and different terms with your husband, or your wife until you rearrange your finances, until you decided. You know what, I'm going to lead with kindness instead of you know you know, normally I lead with when the first time you did that and experience God's faithfulness on the other side, what happened to your faith, it grows, but it doesn't grow until you activate. Remember, we said this last time that trust remember, this trust is the currency of relationship and when we obey
 May God who this? That still Small Voice, that nudge go over there and talk to her. Go there and confront him, you know, go over there and apologize, go ask for forgiveness, whatever. The nudge is be more, compassionate be more generous when when we're obedient and trust God, it provides god with an opportunity to be trustworthy back and to demonstrate his faithfulness to us. And again, open the gospels read, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, this was a theme in terms of how Jesus led and it was a theme in terms of
 Jesus taught as we're going to see last week and to me these stories are so funny because throughout Jesus, you know, Ministry on Earth with his first century followers especially his Apostles, he was constantly pushing them out to do things. They knew they were incapable of, we're going to look at one next week, just he would just put them in these kind of no-win situations know when circumstances and his goal was he had a very short, you know, amount of time to say, look I need you to learn to trust me. So I'm going to ask you to do.
 Do things that are unusual. Then you're going to experience my faithfulness on the other side and on the other side, your confidence, it means going to grow its again you're exercising that muscle, but the area and his teaching where this was most pronounced is actually in was considered his most famous sermon. We call it, the Sermon on the Mount. I'm convinced that the content, The Sermon on the Mount, you find it in Matthew and a portion of it in the Gospel of Luke. I think this was Jesus, go to message that often times in the gospels that says and then,
 At the people down and began to teach. And it doesn't tell us what he taught multiple times. Jesus was teaching or they would walk up and find Jesus, teaching or Jesus was teaching in the temple and we're like, What did he teach? I think this is his go-to message because this was the kingdom ethic and The Sermon on the Mount. Jesus unveils this very much others. First upside down kingdom ethic that stood, in sharp contrast to everything in the Roman Empire, for sure everything in Pagan religion, for sure. And it stood in sharp contrast to the
 The first century version of Judaism, which had got had drifted in quite a ways from the original intent. So, Jesus is introducing this top, this upside down kingdom ethic were the people with all the power in the resources are supposed to leverage, their power, and resources for the people with fewer power, less power, and fewer resources. I mean, people are like, what, you know, if you're in, if you're going to follow me, you're going to serve other people. You're going to leverage what you have and the opportunities you have for the sake of other people's, like what it was. So upside down,
 Turn the other cheek like really. If someone at he said, if somebody asks for a favor do more than they ask for, he talked about generosity and he didn't give us a limit or percentage, he just open handed generosity. He forgive regardless just regardless forgive, regardless, pray for your enemy yank, the plant, you know, the ankle playing teaching like you looking at somebody, and there's something about them, that bothers you and you think you're going to confront him and Jesus said, I got an idea before you kind of get up in their business, you need to go home, look in the mirror and see if there's any of that in you.
 And take the plank out of your own eye. And then you're going to see more clearly to help get the little speck of dust out of their eye because you do need to confront them and you do need to challenge them and it may not go well, but because you love them, you are going to have that conversation, but before you look to try to get the little speck out of there, I, you got to get the plank out of your own. So there was all this kind of others firstness. He told a group of people who had so much to worry about, don't worry. And then he said, oh yeah, the other part of this is, by the way, you can't be
 Right with God, if you're not right with your brother and your sister, I mean, everything in The Sermon on the Mount was. So upside down, it was so different. It was so challenging and it was so practical. These were go out there and do this stuff and this was his way of saying if you're going to follow me. And by the way, God sent me to reveal himself to you through me. So following me is a step in following God, if you're going to follow me, this is what I want. You
 To do. And it was terribly practical. It was so practical, it felt impractical. So, no wonder many years later. The church kind of backpedals and says, let's just, let's just focus on believe all the right stuff. Let's just focus on Theology. And, you know, our theology is better than their theology. So, aren't yours is going to be different than their Church in our chairs. We believe We Believe lead, they believe, but we believe suddenly becomes all about belief but read the
 I suppose Jesus is like now believing without doing is pointless. If your faith doesn't do any good it's not any good. Jesus did not leave us with the option of Simply believing all the right stuff. So, anyway, he gets to the end of this, this very, very practical disturbing sermon and at the very end he gives us a promise. Now this passage I'm going to read to you for many of us. It's so familiar. There's actually a
 Song, but don't don't start singing the song, okay? And, and try not to rush to the end. If you already know this pair of well, basically it's a parable. So at the end of this practical, practical, practical message that Disturbed, all their norms and just turned everything upside down for these people who considered themselves already, very religious, people who already believed all the right staff. He said this. He said everyone everyone who hears these words of mine talking about The Sermon on the Mount and all
 His teaching everyone who hears these words of mine and believes them. No remembers them. Nope. Agrees with them. Nope. Feels convicted by them.
 Nope.
 And that's about as far as we take most sermons and most teaching, isn't it felt terrible for, you know, unfortunately, many of us have confused, a religious experience with feeling bad about ourselves, depending on what kind of church you grew up in. It's like the worst. I feel about myself at the end of the message, the more closer I feel to God because I think God just wants me to feel bad about myself, and I really felt bad about myself after that sermon and you feel like you've had an encounter with God, but you don't go change anything, right? And Jesus says, okay, we're done with all that.
 One who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice anyone. Hears these words of mine and acts on what I've taught is like a wise man.
 Why is, man, we talk about this all the time. A wise person is someone who connects the dots. A wise person. Is someone who connects the dots between behaviors and outcomes, who understands that. If you don't behave differently, there's not going to be a different outcome. Who lives is a wise person lives. As if today's behavior is going to shape and show up in tomorrow's reality, they understand that knowing. But not doing doesn't make any difference. He said, anyone who
 Just heard what I said and practices, it not one time but Embraces this as a lifestyle is like a wise man or wise person who built his house or established his life, or established her future or went all in on the Rock. Now in our world, if you buy a piece of property that's Rocky that is not a good thing and if you buy a piece of property that has a lot of rock just below the
 The, the surface of the, you know, the the topsoil, it's really a bad thing, you have to have Dynamite, right? But in this day because we know how to pour concrete and creates footings, but in this day and age, if you wanted to build a house that was going to last and had a foundation that was going to support it, you actually tried to build on Rock but the problem was building on Rock was very very labor-intensive. It was very expensive and I think most to the point Jesus is making it was very time-consuming. So if your
 Friend, a mile away, found a place where there was no Rock, their house was up in no time. Meantime, you're still trying to get the foundation doug because you're building on Rock. But here's this point, the wisest thing you could do. He's saying the wisest thing I could do. You say the most future-oriented thing that we could do is to build our lives or build our futures on what he was teaching. He's saying, I want you to live as I've instructed you to live. And if you live as I've instructed, you not just
 Believe, as I've instructed you to believe, if you live, as I've instructed you to live, it's like building your house on a foundation that's going to serve you for a long long time. It'll cost you
 But it will be rewarding, and the long run now.
 When Jesus said this, it left a question hanging over the audience and it's a question that hangs over us if we really understand what he's saying. And the question that hangs over the audience that hangs over us, especially you go home this afternoon or whatever you're watching this. If you open to Matthew or Luke and read The Sermon on the Mount and you're like, whoa, I don't even that's a lot. The question that hangs over this. This challenge is, do we trust him?
 Do we trust him? Are we willing to embrace his teaching as a lifestyle before we know the outcome? Are we willing to do what he's asked us to do? In other words, are we willing to follow before we know exactly how it turns out and our families with our finances, with our friends at our communities and our heart in our lives? That was the issue. Am I going to listen? Believe respect, Say Amen.
 An odd but not do because it seems too risky or am I willing to trust him and follow? That is
 The issue and then Jesus didn't stop there. He talks about what happens for those who choose to do, what he's asked him to, do he illustrates the outcome or the future of the wise people he says and then the rains came down. You remember this part? The rain came down, the streams Rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house but it did not fall.
 Because it had its foundation.
 On the Rock, something they completely understood flash floods weren't all that common with. But when there is a flash flood in that region of the world, it was devastating and the foundation of a house. Determine if it was a partial loss or a total loss, the foundation of a house would determine whether there was a loss of life or the family escaped with minor injuries or perhaps no injuries at all.
 and then he turns the corner, but
 Everyone who hears these words of mine, this is so important. For those of us who consider ourselves church people. And if you're not a church people, you're going to love this if everyone but everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice. So we agreed. We said, amen. We're like this is amazing. I've never heard anything like this. It's like, that's a anyone who's these words of mine and does not put them into practice? Does it? Not doesn't believe them but doesn't do anything with it. It's like a foolish man who built his house on the sand. Now the implication, the
 Jesus is saying here, for those of us who are church, people is stunning for the average her church person. Here's why I say this because what Jesus is saying here is it is possible to hear and believe and Nod and if you grew up in a church like mind, I grew up in and say, Amen, right? It is possible to hear and believe and Nod and agree and live a life that sets you up for a
 Isis.
 Faith.
 It is possible to believe to hear and believe and yet live a life that actually sets you up to lose your faith and lose your confidence of God. And again for somebody to here today, this is your store, you grew up believing all the right things and you've lost your faith in Jesus is, I understand why? Because believing isn't that thing, it's following. That's the thing believing doesn't build. Your faith is following that builds enduring faith. Believing in other words,
 Can be deceiving now, if you're not a Christian or used to be, and you've kind of given up on faith, this is, this is, this is, I can so appreciate your dilemma because it could be that your issue with me and your issue with Christians and your issues with Christianity. Isn't that you don't believe what we believe your issue is more fundamental.
 Your issue is you don't believe that. We believe what we say we believe because we don't do it and that's reason enough to walk away from or to say no to Christianity. I get that and I'm sorry. And if that's the reason you left that's on us, that is not on you. Because what else would you do? When you hear what we say? And you hear what we preach and you hear what? We teach
 And then you look at how we live. And Jesus says, it's possible to hear and believe and not do and to undermine your own.
 Faith James again, the brother of Jesus coming in after, you know, Jesus, resurrection, he's even more direct. Here's what James wrote in his letter, you've heard this he says come on, don't merely listen to the word and so deceive yourselves there it is. Believing can be deceiving, don't you? Dare sit and listen to go. Aha, yeah. I agree. And so deceive yourself, you can listen and believe and argue Theology and argue. Why your version of Christianity is better than their version of Christianity all day long and be completely deceived.
 If you don't do what it says and then James gives that great mirror illustrations. One of my favorite things in the New Testament that mirror illustration he says believing and not doing is like getting up in the morning and walking into your bathroom and you look in the mirror and you go, oh, I believe something needs to be done about that face.
 And I believe something needs to be done about that hair, and then you put on your bathrobe and you go to work. He said, who would do that? We're like, nobody would do that because once I see it and once I believe something needs to be done about it, when it comes to my looks, and my face, and my hair, and your face and your hair, we do something about it. He says the person that sits and listens and believe it doesn't do anything is just as foolish as the person who says wow, what a mess. I am.
 And does nothing about it and you would never do that. And yet, for some of us church people,
 We do it all the time. And consequently, our faith is weak. Our beliefs may be correct. This is why this is such a stunning Parable but our faith.
 Is weak and then James. Like, Jesus adds a promise. James promise is this, but whoever looks intently into the perfect law. Wish we could talk more about that. The perfect law that gives Freedom, if your version of Faith doesn't give you Freedom. You've got the wrong version or you're not living out your version. Whoever looks into the perfect law and to give us freedom and continues in at not forgetting what they have heard. But doing it, they will be blessed in what they do. Listeners and hearers are not blessed in there, listening in their hearing, James says there is an outcome.
 There is a benefit and following Jesus, but you will never experience the benefit which a consequently will grow your faith. If you don't act on it, if you don't do it again, Jesus version of the same promise, and the rain came, and the streams Rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house. Yet, it did not fall because his foundation was on the Rock believing,
 Can be deceiving.
 back to the other guy but everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice is like a foolish man who built his house on the sand, it was quick and easy got that house up in no time listened maybe even believed
 Didn't do anything with it because it's too hard. It's too demanding. And the rain came down the streams Rose
 Then the streams Rose and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell.
 The great crash. This is very important.
 Do you know how people?
 Who listen and believe. But don't do, do you know how people who listen and believe, but don't do respond.
 When the crash comes and their house falls down.
 They either blame God or they decide there is no God.
 Because even though they believed because although they believed their faith was feeble, frail and fragile. If you don't exercise it in the real world, if it's nothing, but a system of belief, it will not support you and it will not come through for you when things get difficult.
 This is the coolest part of the story. Maybe when Jesus had finished this at the very end when Jesus finished teaching all this and saying these things the crowds were amazed they're amazed they were amazed at Jesus. They were amazed at his teaching because he taught as one who had Authority and not as their teachers.
 Of the law. Here's this point. Here's our point.
 When your obedience that is my say obedience, I mean, when you're living out your faith, when you're generous was hard to be generous, you're compassionate and your anger, instead of being angry. When you step up when you confront, when it be easier to be quiet when you're quiet, when it be easier to confront. When you, when you kind of give in to that still Small Voice and you know what you ought to do, but you just don't want to do it with when you are obedient to God and your faithfulness, intersects with his faithfulness, when your
 Faith, your Act of Faith, intersects with his faithfulness, your faith gets bigger, and it gets stronger, because again, it's like a muscle. But if you if you neglect it, if you refuse to act on what you claim to believe, one day, you may wake up and realize you don't believe at all. And initially, you may be relieved to get done with this, gives to his throw off, all this Christianity stuff. You may be relieved initially life might even feel easier for a while.
 But here's what we know about life, right?
 When the rain comes.
 And it's coming and the streams rise to going to rise. And when the wind blows and beats against that house, that was built on Sand. There's going to be a collapse.
 And because your heavenly father loves you and because Jesus is your savior and came to reveal what God is like he's saying. Come on, come on, I want to show you a better way, not just a better way of believing. I want to show you a better way of living, so I want you to follow me now. Here's what, here's what I know and I'll wrap this up when you meet someone with big faith. I mean, big bold and daring. I don't mean bowl, like their personalities, but I mean, they're just, there's just this confident. It's like this Rock Solid confidence like,
 They're their faith isn't built on just a belief system. It's like, it's even if there's more Foundation to it than that when you meet somebody that kind of Faith, they've been living it, not just listening to it. And I feel so blessed because I grew up in a church that were my dad was the pastor, and he just gave us handles application with money with relationships with marriage with our emotions. I mean, he constantly look for ways to live, we would leave church knowing what to do with what we've heard, a gentleman named.
 To Han would do our camps when I was in high school and then later to college, even after college taught, this huge Bible study and this in our city. And it was so practical we left there knowing what to do with what we had heard. And this is why in all of our churches. We provide handles and all of our environments. We provide handles for your children from your students and middle schoolers. We don't want people to just believe, right? We want people that live, right? But sometimes you don't know what to do with. What you heard. What? You believe until somebody gives it to you. This is why one of the things that grows your faith and grows our faith.
 Is being exposed to practical application oriented teaching. And I know, for some people, some of your relatives won't visit any of our churches with you. And perhaps there's things about our church that disturbs you, because you feel like, cheers needs to be quiet and reverent, and holy and an experience with God and reflection. And I get that there's a place for reflection, and there's a place for quiet, but this isn't it. And here's why and I'm not comparing myself to Jesus. So I want to have a disclaimer. Before I say what I'm about, to say, when,
 Jesus taught. And when Jesus would preach, it was not quiet on a couple occasions. John says, they picked up stones to Stone him before he finished the sermon. It was not a quiet reflective environment arguments broke out riots broke out one time. They tried to push him off a cliff while he's teaching. Okay, that's why we have so much space between the front of the stage and, you know, the first row in our Auditorium is, right? It was disruptive it was challenging.
 It was emotional people would leave angry sometimes, I would leave, you know, joyful but sometimes it was just, it was so disturbing.
 Because Jesus is saying like I don't I'm not just here to I don't want you to just believe right? I want you to live, right? Because at the end of the day, is what you do. It's what I do. I've never makes the difference. If not, we just need to read more books of all we need to do is believe right? And no Riedel of what Lane Jones said, Elaine Jones, one of our founding pastures of our church and years ago. I heard him teach and he said this, I love this. He said unapplied, truth is like an applied paint. It doesn't do anybody any good.
 The value is in the application.
 If your faith is in a can in the corner of the garage.
 Is not doing any good and Jesus would agree applications what makes the difference. So, one of the things that God uses to blow up and grow up our faith, its application Orion centered teaching. This is why you need to get involved and stay involved and lock into some environment where somebody is opening the scripture and teaching, you not simply what to believe, but what to do with what?
 You believe something that challenges you to live a different life. Now, simply believe different things, not simply experienced something on a Sunday because knowing without doing creates a version of faith. It creates a feeble. Fragile Faith. But following Jesus, you know, this, come on. When you decide to follow Jesus, it'll stretch your faith. It will exercise your faith. It will grow your faith. And here's why? Because following Jesus will make your life better and
 You better not it believing it makes you better at life because he's invited us to follow and you've met people like that.
 Let's become people like that the world needs more people like that. In fact, your world, your family needs you to be like that. So let's not be content with believing true things.
 Let's not even be content with believing just all the right things. Let's act on what we claim. We Believe let's be Jesus.
 Followers and we will pick it up right there. Next time in part 3 of Faith full. But before you go 3 questions to get the conversation going or keep it going number one. If you grew up attending church, what was emphasized in the church that you grew up in. Correct theology information, application, the sacraments attendance? Number two, have you ever applied a specific teaching of scripture and looking back. It actually prepared you for a storm and number three lane, said, I'd applied. Truth is like unapplied paint. It doesn't do anybody any good.
 Can you think of an area and your life, right now? We're a bit more application. Might make a big difference maybe in a relationship. Maybe your marriage finances entertainment, time management perhaps connecting with or reconnecting with a local church. A church that provides you with handles and application, Jesus was correct. Of course, he was. Jesus, Lizard, Korea was corrected. Anyone who hears these words of his and acts on them and does the hard work of applying steps out?
 Even when it's scary steps out, even when it does, it makes the sense steps out even when it conflicts with the worldview and perhaps the world that you live in is like building your life and building our life on a solid foundation, not if, but when the storms come, you will be ready.
 Heavenly father, thank you for preserving this teaching all these years. Thank you for the men and women whose lives, not just what they believe, but whose lives and Lifestyles have challenged Me Through The Years. Thank you for the many women who have gone before us, who weren't walk through Dark Times difficult times. And it somehow
 they continue to trust you. We want that kind of faith and I pray that you would do whatever you need to do and that we would be willing to do whatever we need to do.
 To exercise that muscle to get it.
 Thank you for the promise. Thank you for the promise that there is a foundation that indoors, I pray that you would lead us there. And I pray that we would follow in Jesus name. Amen.
 Knowing, without doing creates weak Faith, but knowing, and doing even when it's countercultural, even when it's awkward, even when it's difficult, and we're not sure how it's going to turn out that creates extraordinary growing faith, and that's what we get to practice as we head into this week. Because most of us know a lot, this is our opportunity.
 Tunity to do what we know. I hope that you'll plan to come back next week because we're going to pick up this same discussion and we're going to take it a step further as helpful as today, has been next week, will be even more practical even more handles. So I hope that you'll plan already now to be a part of this discussion next week. And if you're our guest today, please don't forget to swing by the studio to pick up your gift. Something I think you'll enjoy using this week, so make your plans.
 To, to grab that on your way, out the door. But thank you so much for being here and I hope you have a wonderful week. We'll see you next week.
 Think it's weird.
