Well hey everybody. Good morning and welcome to Lincoln County church if we haven't met yet, my name is Andy. I'm on staff and I'm so glad that you're here to be a part of the service today. And I understand that congratulations are in order to the horse that won the Kentucky Derby, the thousand dollars, yearling that yielded a 1.86 million-dollar purse that's pretty extraordinary, right? That's a good investment thousand dollars to one at
8, 6 million, I was impressed and do I don't have a million-dollar purse for any of us today. I do have a gift for those of us who are our guests today. So if you're our guests in the room for the first time, I'd love for you to take one of these with you as you go and I'm not going to embarrass you or ask you to stand up or wave at me or anything. But as you leave, if you would stop by the studio, they've got a gift already for you and it's not really anything cheesy. It's actually something kind of cool
 That I think you'll enjoy using during the course of your week and if you're our guest online, you can go to Guess that Lincoln County DOT church and we'll e-mail you a gift something that I think you'll enjoy using as well but it's a small way that we can say thanks for being a part of our service today. Well as we get into our service, let me give you just a quick overview of what you can expect. Because as we start, we're going to sing two songs together led by Lane Marie oh, Kelly and James David Carter together.
 Our band. And then we're going to hear Aubrey share her story and then we're going to jump into this morning's message into part four of our series. Entitled faithful all about how to fuel our faith in a world, that's largely running on empty. And then after the service is over, if you are newer to our church, that would be one service. One week, one month, one year, something like that. I want to invite you to stick around, right? Where
 You are to be a part of an event that we call next. And next is simply a conversation that I will hold with those who are here for in that newer category because we can show you a little bit of our story as a church and how that intersects with your story, some of what's going on in your world, your family. And what our church offers Beyond just a Sunday Morning Experience, so I hope that you'll plan to stick around for that and don't worry if you've
 Kids will continue to watch your kids for that, 15 minutes as well. Well, I think that's everything that you need to know so if you would stand to your feet wave at somebody near you and we'll get this thing started.
 Let's respond to God together. Here we go. When darkness tries to roll over my sorrow,
 Do I do?
 We sing that song and we're reminded that it's the goodness of God that runs after us because sometimes we tend to think of it as God chasing after us to get us for something, we've done to get us back but instead it's God's love. It's God's goodness that pursues us and that's such an amazing concept but it's one that we can grasp as adults but it's also a concept that
 Our children and our grandchildren can grasp as well. And yesterday, we turned this whole room into a giant party because there were five children who had decided that they were going to follow Jesus and they wanted to highlight it through baptism. And so we're going to share one of those stories with us today. So take a look at this.
 Hi. My name is Aubrey overson. I'm nine. And then the third grade I made the decision to follow Jesus. When I was at church looking at the devotionals and then I went home with Mom and part about it, I want to be baptized to show. Everybody that I believe Jesus died on the cross. My favorite verse is, John 3:16 because it tells me more about Jesus and it really reaches out to me. I would like to thank my up, Street leaders, Miss Tiffany Miss Ashland.
 And everyone that works at the church. And I want to thank my mom for encouraging me to be baptized. I'm Aubrey and I'm here today to tell you that Jesus is my Lord and my savior,
 Aubrey. You have such a big heart and you love like Jesus live. And I can't wait to see how that relationship grows and how he uses that and others lives my privilege to baptize you in the name of the father, that loves you. The son that died for you and the Holy Spirit that lives within you.
 It, we get to celebrate as someone says, Hey I want you to know what Jesus has done in my life and I'm going to follow him and that's something that we can decide as adults. It's something that children can decide as well. And Round Here, we say that our goal is to inspire people to follow Jesus, and that happens not only in the big room and online, but it happens down the hallway in our children's.
 Armaments every single Sunday and in our student environments on Sunday nights, as our families are inspired to follow Jesus. And I just want to pause for a second and say, if you give to this church, if you give to fund our mission, thank you for doing that because you are giving towards families that are changing their trajectory because they're following Jesus. And whether you do that using the buckets that are in the back of the room or online through give the lake.
 Cocconi dot church. Thank you, thank you. Thank you for your investment in other people and in their Journey, even as you invest in your own. Well, around here at this point in our service, we jump into this morning's message and we work hard to put the most engaging presenters in front of you and sometimes that means they're live on our stage and sometimes that means they're live from a nearby campus this morning. We're hearing from Andy Stanley.
 Is live on stage at Northpoint today and he's bringing us part 4 of our most recent series entitled faithful and I think you'll be encouraged as we go through that message. But before we get there, as one of your pastors living here in Georgia's Lake Country, I want to take a minute to pray for you.
 Dear heavenly father. Thank you for your love to us. Thank you that you do pursue us that you sent Jesus long before we were ready or even aware. And God thank you that you draw us to yourself. And God I pray that as we go through this morning, I'm just mindful that
 As the doors open, there's some of us that walked in because we've gone to church for years and for some of us we have a relationship that we point to that began some time ago. And for others of us, we came in the door questioning faith.
 Skeptical, doubtful.
 And God for some of us that's because we've experienced some really tough things in our lives even recently and got over these next few minutes. I pray that you would continue to build all of our faith from wherever we came in the door. God create a spark in all of us that becomes a flame burning within us. That is a vibrant relationship with you.
 And God, I pray that as Hindi speaks to us, that you would use that as a catalyst in our lives. I pray these things in Jesus name. Amen.
 So I want to take a minute, welcome all of our land area churches. It's good to see all our know that you're out there. It's good to be back in all of our buildings but catchers indicator, City Church, we're coming soon, so just hang on. Also Wiregrass down in Dothan, Alabama, y'all are meeting together Redstone, let's see, Anthem church and Gainesville Beachside Community Church in Fort Walton. You guys are back in your building, Golf Community Church and Naples be nice to be in Naples today, but we're not, that's okay. And then
 Vigo County Church that were, y'all are back in your building. That's cool. Then all three of our Southside churches. You guys are meeting again. Pardon me, for just a minute. I was talking to Chris this week and you guys had like a baptism service. You baptized like, 40 people. That was amazing. I know down south side. So cool. So it's just fun to be able to talk to so many people and worship together, all over the country, literally. So, here's here's something that we've all said in some form at some point. Okay. Here's something.
 We've all said, we all said something like this. I am so glad I am so glad he showed up. I'm so glad he showed up in my life when he did. I'm so glad he showed up in my life. When did if he hadn't shown up and hit my life when he did? I don't know what would have happened. I'm I'm not sure I would have made it through. I'm not sure I would have made it through this without her. I mean she showed up at just the right time or I wouldn't be, I would not be where I am today, apart from them. I would not be where I am today, apart from them. I think these are the kinds of things we say, because for all of us, there have been people who
 Dropped into our lives at critical times, and we look back. And we think they were such a hinge point. They were kind of, a, sort of a defining moment. They just, they play. Such an important role in her life. We just, you know, who wasn't for him. If it wasn't for her, I'm, if it wasn't for them, that's how I feel about my mentor. Charlie Renfro, who I talk about all the time, Charlie taught me so much about navigating organizational life, kept me off. You know, from going off the rails. Charlie would say, hey Andy what you working on big, what you working on big and I wouldn't working on anything big, but it certainly made me start, you know, to think big my friend Steve.
 I told you about many times, he was my counselor and goodness gracious. There were there were so many times when I just felt like I could predict the future and Steve this is going to happen. This is going to happen and if this doesn't happen, this is going to happen and Steve would he would ask me this terrible question. That would just kind of you know, diffuse me and deflate me. He was a Andy. Do you think God's hands are tied?
 That's a great question. I be like,
 Well, yeah, I know, but I still think I know what's going to happen. He would just shake his hand and he really think you can predict the future. I mean, I just feel like God brought him into my life at such a critical time. I'm not even sure I should be doing what I am today without his influence. Then of course Sandra my wife, I'm you're going to think I'm just being sweet and get a nice husband. I'm not exaggerating when I say this and there are people around who would nod and say yes, I'm one of the people who said that after I got married, so many people would say in front of me, without thinking about it, you're just such
 A better person. In fact, this is what they would say there would say they were here. We are sure. He wouldn't be where he is today apart from her. Absolutely. And for many of us who are married, we feel that way about our husbands, our wives. It's just like, it's like, just they were just the right person at the right time. Most of us, again, have experienced some just in time, just in the nick of time people in our lives. They added something. We needed, they gave us opportunities. We would have had otherwise, they, they brought inside, they brought encouragement.
 Spective hope. Corrections some cases, it was confrontation, and you did not like them then but you're so grateful for them now because your life would be very different, my life would be different if these people had just somehow dropped in to our life. So real quick who comes to mind, anybody come to mind.
 Have you thanked them lately? More on that in just a minute. If you've been tracking along with us, we are in part four of our series. Entitled faithful fueling our faith in a world on empty. And the premise of this entire series is that in the first century when Jesus showed up his agenda, for his first century followers, his agenda for 21st century followers, is that we be people of extraordinary Faith, but faith, not just what we believe that faith in terms of what we do.
 He was a big fan of, and he encouraged to people who followed him to actually do things with their faith and respond to people with faith and to respond to life. As if God really was with them. And that God really was for them. This was the kind of faith that did things and change things, and confronted things, which explains his initial invitation. When he first stepped onto the pages of History, his initial invitation wasn't believed things. His initial invitation was follow me. Follow me. I want you to watch me.
 Live in the real world is if God is real and God is with me. If you want to know what it looks like to live a life of faith, I want you to watch me. And I want you to emulate me, and I want you to imitate me and Jesus never changed his invitation. But eventually the church did the church, reduce the invitation to Christianity to Simply believe in me. And while it's true that Jesus invited his first century followers to believe things about him, that was not his initial invitation, and that was not the impetus of his invitation. His invitation is yes.
 Once you're convinced, I'm whom, I'm who I claim to be. I want you to live in such a way that reflects that kind of big, bold gritty, real world, real world Faith, because believe in me, are simply believe things about me. I mean, that's easy. I mean, that's why the church reduced, it to just believe things, it's easier, it's safer, it doesn't require anything of us that leaves us exactly where we're found, right? It leaves us where we are. There's no change required, but Jesus did not invite people. This is
 What's so fascinating about the gospels? Jesus didn't just invite people to believe things or even believe true things about him because belief and we know this belief all by itself belief that just stays in our head. It doesn't make any difference. In the real world doesn't make any difference. In our families, doesn't make any difference in our communities. Does it make any difference in our relationship and belief? That just stays right here, I just believe some things about God. I just believe some things about the Bible. I just believe some things about Jesus. It leaves us with frail.
 All vulnerable, feeble faith. In fact, this is why some of you have lost faith. And this is why some of you are losing your faith because as long as it just resided in your head and you never saw it lived out, are you never knew how to live it out and you never saw the results or the benefits or God's Intervention when you live your faith out, of course it's Faith. Just becomes a category, becomes frailing and fragile and eventually it again as we've said, throughout the series, faith is a muscle. You've already got the muscle. But if you don't exercise
 Sir sighs. It it gets weaker and weaker, and weaker after fees. And so, you may be in a situation where you're slowly losing your faith because you were maybe just raised to believe, a lot of things, and it just stopped there, but Jesus, invites, you and invites us to follow. In other words, were to wake up every day. We've said this throughout the series, we're invited to wake up every day with this question. And I would challenge you maybe to write this down, or do a screenshot or do your own version of this question to wake up every day with this big bold.
 Dating question. What would I do? What would I do today? How would I respond to her today? I know how I normally respond to him or to heard them. But how would I respond today? How would I respond to her? How would I react? What would I attempt? What do I initiate? What I stay away from. What would I avoid? What would I walk right into? If I was absolutely confident that God was with me, that's what it means to walk by faith. It's to live every single day is if what God has said about himself through, Jesus is true.
 And that God is who Jesus revealed God to be, we talked about that and week one. So, in this series, what we're doing is we're asking and answering the question, what facilitates that big, bold active, real world faith that in spite of Faith? They're going to follow Jesus. Anyway, Faith, what are essentially? What are the essential ingredients to that kind of faith when go to that screen? What are the essential essential ingredients? What are the essential ingredients of that? Kind of a, that when stirred together creates an us, this big bold active kind of faith
 M based on what Jesus taught and based on what Jesus modeled and based on, literally, hundreds of conversations with people who've been following Jesus for a long time. Five things show up every time, people tell their story and so we call sometimes, we call these, the five Faith Catalyst, the five things that God uses to blow up and to grow up our faith. So we've been talking about each of these. So two weeks ago we started with the first one practical teaching. We said that any time somebody tells their faith story, they talk about the first time somebody taught them from the scriptures in
 Such a way that they knew what to do with what they believed the suddenly became very tactile and very application-oriented, somebody gave them handles and applications for the scripture. And here's why that grows our faith. When our active faith, I'm going to try this at home, I'm going to try this at work, I'm going to try this with my money. I'm going to try this in my relationships. I'm going to try this and how I date. And how I treat women and how I treat men, I'm going to try this when our active Faith, intersects with God's faithfulness on the back.
 And our faith gets bigger. When we experience God coming through for us or just the benefits of following Jesus, our faith gets bigger the last time we talked about the second Faith Catalyst. We call it personal Ministry and we talked about the fact that when people tell their faith story, they always talk about the first time. They decided to do something. They were uncomfortable with something that they did not feel prepared for something. They did. They felt inadequate about but they just sense that internal nudge from God.
 God to serve some other people to step into some other people's lives to intersect with their story and do for them, what needed to be done. Whether it was lead a small group or go on a mission trip or do a service project or just invite someone to an event. But the first time they stepped out and they their faith interface with another person and then on the back, end of that when they saw, what God did in the relationship or they saw what God did in their own heart, their faith got bigger. God came through their faith, grew. So today,
 We're going to talk about this third thing, that God always uses to grow up in to blow up to make active and very practical our faith and we call it providential relationships. Providential relationships. Whenever someone tells their story, in fact, if you were to stand up and talk about your faith story, even if you feel like you're kind of losing faith that this point, when people tell their faith story, they always talk about people, they say things, you know, I didn't grow up in church, I didn't really believe then, I met this guy, you know, then I met this girl. Then I met this group,
 Roop. Then these people moved in next door, we found out, they were Christians and we were a little bit worried about that but they were some of the nicest people we ever met then we got to know and next thing you know, we're you know, we're we're we started the believing like they did and we started attending church then you hear the story like well I never was really a religious person and my mom remarried and my new father was a Christian and he made us go to church and I resisted at first but gosh it just it's opened my eyes to a different way of seeing the world. Then somebody invited me to a small group. You know, these girls said hey
 Once you come to our small group and I was like, what's a small group? They're like, just just show up, or maybe your coach had a coach that was a Christian and he was just there. She was just very different than any other coach you'd had before and they did he or she seemed to really genuinely care, maybe that's your story. But the point is we all when people tell their faith story, they talk about these people that just seem to drop into their lives. It's literally like God dropped them into their lives at just the right time. Again, we probably all of us can think.
 Of somebody that we would consider our put in that category and thus the term, providential, at the time, we don't feel like it's providential. But when we look back and we, when we look at the difference it made, when we look at the way we responded and they responded to us and the way that, you know, when we look at the transition point or the defining moment that relationship ultimately turned out to be, it's like, wow. It's as if God, providentially dropped him into our life, it was like divine intervention. In fact,
 For you. Don't raise your hand. It might have been an actual intervention. Some people showed up or a person showed up and they got in your face. They put their nose in your business and you are so resistant. And you were so hesitant and you said things, you regret and you had such a bad attitude. But as it turned out what they told you was exactly what you needed to hear. And when you look back on that relationship or that conversation or that intervention, you're like oh thank God, that they had the courage to step in and say the things I needed to hear.
 Even though I didn't necessarily want to hear that and it's possible. I would guess that many of us have played that role in somebody else's life as well, but we didn't know it. We were just being a good friend but they look back on that friendship. And they say, you are the person we were just being a good citizen which is showed up and stopped to help somebody and for the rest of their life, you're a part of their story. You were just being a good boss, but for the person on the other side of that relationship or that encounter for them, it almost feels providential. And when they tell their story,
 3, when they tell that story of transition, that story where their life, begin to take a different turn or move them different direction, they mentioned you because it was as if God dropped you into their life. Now defining moments in life, in general, you know, defining moment is that, you know, hinge pointer that, you know, that major turning life. Defining moments are almost, always the most always relational right? Good relationship or a bad relationship. Somebody, you're so glad they came into your life. Somebody you wish had never come into your life but the
 Moments in life are generally relational in nature so we shouldn't be surprised that God uses relationships to grow our faith. Right? In fact, interestingly enough, this is how Christianity began. Here's how Christianity began, John, who knew Jesus, spent three and a half years with Jesus. And then he's an old man. I, you know, I say this all the time, he's an old man and he's getting his story out. He's trying to figure out. How do I begin this story? That is going to be hard for anybody even believe and he's like, how do I start?
 This. How do I start this thing because oh, I know. I'll start it in the beginning was the word and the word became flesh and the word dwelt among us. That God hears. This is why relationships are part of a faith that grow our faith. And this is again, this is how Christianity begin God became one of us and intersected with us and in doing. So our faith got bigger. He showed up on planet Earth and he began to call common men and common women to follow him and when they followed, and when they are
 Eight and their faith intersected with the internet, with the faithfulness of Jesus, in the first century, something happened on the inside of them. This is how it's been happening since day one, that providential relationships are one of the primary ways, God uses the grow our faith. In fact, there's kind of a cool story to talk about this real quick so because not only did Jesus call. You know, intersect with the lives of people. Those people that intersected with other people's lives and turn out to be, providential relationships, Jesus calls Philip to be one of his disciples. One of his Apostles Philip, I want you to follow,
 Follow me and fill up this kind of cool. Phillip says okay, but I need you. Wait right here for just a minute, you know. Jesus, just hang on and fill up goes and he finds his friend Nathaniel, and then when he finds Nathaniel Nathaniel is a skeptic, I mean, you're a skeptic Nathaniel's, a skeptic and Phillips, like, okay, how am I going to get Nathaniel to believe me. And he says, he just kind of blurted out Nathaniel. We've met this guy and we believe he's the Messiah. He's God's holy one that he sent to, you know, take the next take things forward. And if this is the next iteration of God's plan for
 Planet Earth and the Daniel looks at Phillip and he's like, no he's not he's not sure. I mean, people have been saying that for hundreds of years and besides didn't you say Jesus of Nazareth? He's from Nazareth, seriously. Nazareth Nazareth. Can anything good come from there? I mean, you could just, as Jesus hometowns, like, okay, not only do I not believe you there's no way the Messiah came from Nazareth. Now at that point Philip should have said, okay, you see in a suit yourself? I'm going to go change the world.
 World, you know, you just stay here and do whatever you're doing. You're not going to get to be in the story. Nobody's gonna know your name. They're Gonna Know My Name. Okay. And yeah, Philip could have just walked off. Philip was, like, no way this guy, my friend needs to meet this man, that I'm sure is the Messiah and I love this Phillips is okay. I can't answer your theological questions. I don't know if the Messiah is supposed to come from Nazareth or not. And no, I don't know any cool people from Nazareth, but Phillip just come and see, come and see, come and see.
 Nathaniel's like all right. And he follows Phillip and he meets Jesus life changes and now he's one of Jesus. Apostles. And he got two rings. He got a ringside seat for the Salvation of the world because Philip just wouldn't give up for the rest of his life. Don't, you know, for the rest of his life Nathaniel's like, you know, every other week Philip, I know I've already said, thank you. I cannot thank you enough. Now, when I read that story reminds me of something that happened to to Sandra and me.
 I want to tell you real quick, then I'm going to look at another passage of scripture many years ago and I promise I'm not making this up. I mean I'm saying it live so you know I'm not making this up. You many meters are many years ago, a couple Tim and Carla left move from the Northeast to Atlanta. Had a neighbor named Jim and Tim and Carly didn't go to church. Anywhere didn't seem to be interested to, Jim was absolutely convinced that Tim and Carla needed faith and needed, Jesus, and needed to go to church. So, he began inviting them to his church, and he does.
 Attend any of our churches to his local church? Not too far from here. And so I reluctantly Tim and Carla were like, okay, we'll go. So they went it was kind of a special event thing from special Sunday, I think so every other two or three weeks or so every two or three weeks they would Jim would invite Tim and Carla to church and they didn't like it. They were just being polite. And finally, Tim told Carla. Okay you go I'm not going and so Carla. Communicated to Jim. Jim thank you for inviting us. It's just not our thing, just not what we do.
 So Jim, you know, like Philip could have been like, okay, did my deal, you know, I invited my lost far from God neighbors the church and they turned me down then persecuted you know, for the faith, I don't know. So Jim do decide. Okay. And so he says the Tim and Carla. Okay. All right, give me one more chance. I'm going to take you to a different church and he brought, well, he tried to bring them here to North Point Community Church. They didn't even go here, but he is so adamant. These folks, they need they need Faith. So I'm Tim's. Like I'm not.
 When we already did that Carlos like, okay, she was a little bit more open so he picks Carla up and brings her to the nine o'clock service here at North Point. Community Church, sister the service on the way. Back home to drop her off, he kind of navigates and explains what just happened. Because what happens here was very different than the kind of church, she grew up in very different and so drops her off, and then he goes to his church through the 11 o'clock service next Sunday, does the same thing next. He did this Heats Brock Harley here to the nine o'clock so that he could get back to his church for the left.
 So many weeks that finally, their two kids said to their dad. Dad, where does mr. Jim in mommy? Go on Sunday morning.
 And Tim's like, well, he's taken her to his different church will eventually to Carla, brings the kids. They love it. In fact, their oldest son, and my son Andrew became, friends are lifelong friends and eventually Tim came and this week when I called Carla to make sure I had the details of the story, right? She said and the risk is her quote, and the rest is history, and they're so grateful to gems. Just I just this just has to have it. It was the in their minds the way they see it, even though Jim just kind of doing his thing.
 It was a providential relationship. It's like God, just brought them and just dropped him right into their lives as neighbors. They had no idea. And the fact that he would bring them here, then, go back to his own church. That's amazing. Well, anyway, I met, Tim on the baseball field, our sons played baseball together, Kim got, they got super involved him join a guest services team. Some of you know, Tim left time goes by that. We joint. They joined our community group and then we got to hear this this, how we heard that amazing story and they just begin to grow in their faith and they just, it was just so,
 Fun to watch them grow. And then in 2013, Tim was diagnosed with ALS
 So this this horrible horrible disease and so they were still in our community group. So we decided we would just turn our community group into the Tim and Carla, you know, support group not literally. But hey, we're going to stay with you. They gave Tim three to five years. I was 2013. Tim is still alive today. And so what we witnessed in our community group and Sandro is she if she was here, she would tell you watching Tim and Carla navigate. This horrible horrible disease.
 With such extraordinary faith and joy and confidence in God, I'm telling you it has done as much or more for my adult faith in anything I have ever experienced. So we're, you know, teams him so, you know, several of us from time to time and a lot of us are every year would go to the ALS walk to defeat the walk to defeat ALS. And so on one particular afternoon, I was there and I took this picture on a show. You this picture real quick.
 Okay. Here's the interesting thing about this picture this is not Tim, this is Tim Tim kind of walked in this this particular day and this was a guy in his Committee in his support group who was a little bit older who has since passed away and I watched Tim was saying hi to us and then he saw his friend. He immediately went over dropped to his knee and just took him in his arms and I took that picture.
 And this is what he did. I'm pretty sure I haven't asked, I think he has survived everybody in his ALS support groups because it's going on here, eight. And he has slowly deteriorated as this this disease does to the human body. But I'm telling you watching, in fact, Tim a collar and our community group and Tim has begun, he began to lose his voice and now he can barely talk at all. It's really difficult to understand him and we kind of laugh about that sometimes, but as he began to lose his ability to
 Speak. He said to me, he said Andy, he said, I would like to lead our community group discussion as much as possible until I can't lead anymore.
 It's just been one of the most inspiring things. So if you ask me anything, you know, who are the, you know, providential relationships, the people that God has used it blow up and grow up your faith, Tim and Carl elif, and their story, big part, big part of our Lives. What God has used to grow our faith. So many stories. So many interesting things. He kept trying to quit the guest services team here, and those of you who are on his guest services team, you would not let him quit. Finally, it was a difficult one to walk. She put
 Golf cart when it became difficult for him to speak. This is kind of funny. They match them up with a middle school girl. So he did the driving. She did the talking, it's just any way that there, there are more there are more and more and more stories. But anyway, but this is this is just how God does things. Now, when it comes to Providence to relationships, unlike some of the other things that God uses to grow up our faith, you can't create a providential relationship, right? You can't say, I'm going to go create a providential relationship. If you could create it, it wouldn't be.
 The providential right. But here's what we can do and here's what all of us should do, especially if you feel like you're losing faith, even if you feel like you've lost faith, we can, and should be proactive in relationships with people whose Faith informs their decisions, and whose Faith informs their responses. That one of the best things we can do. For our own faith is make sure we are in lockstep. We're doing life with a group of people whose faith in God, informs their decisions and informs their
 Finances because Watching God, work through them does something to our faith. Now the author of Hebrews Hebrews has a new testament, we call it a new testament book. It was actually a sermon like a long sermon that somebody wrote out, we don't know who wrote the book of Hebrews are the sermon of Hebrews, but it's so fascinating and it was written specifically to a group of judeans and galileans who were beginning to lose or he was concerned this, the author we assume it's a he felt as if this group was beginning to lose a little bit of
 Their confidence, not in God, but in Jesus, because they were already these Sons and Daughters of Abraham, they were, you know, we would call him Jewish. So their faith is kind of waffling. So he, he part of this letter. He addresses their faith and he's saying, hey, come on, come on, hang in there. And he says he writes this, he says let us the whole, you know, Faith Community. Let us hold, I love this word unswervingly. You know, when you know what it means to Swerve. So unswervingly, straight, let us hold. You know, let us stay spot on, in the hope that we profess.
 He who promised and there's our word is faithful. He's like, wait, wait. You can't Don't Drift Away from your faith. Don't become faithless, just because you can't understand why what's happening in the world is happening just because you can't explain why what's happening to you has happened. You, he says, come on, let's remain faithful. And then he says, and to facilitate your faithfulness and to facilitate are being holding unswervingly to our faith. He says this and let us consider that is, let us think about it. Give this some thought, this is
 What I want you to do today, he said, I want you to give some thought to how we can spur each other on toward love and Good Deeds. He said so as you're hanging on to your faith, I want you to look around. And I want you to identify the people that you can encourage them in their faith and they can encourage you and your faith. And there may be some people who have really begun to lose interest and I want you to, I want you to have some, maybe challenging conversations and say, come on, let's get back in this thing. Let's don't don't lose sight.
 Your faith, Don't Drift Away and I love that he says and this isn't just cerebral, this isn't just believing a lot of things. This is the kind of faith that shows go back.
 Thank you. This is the kind of faith that shows up in actions and attitudes of Love responses of love and good deeds. In other words, this is active real-world gritty Faith. So give it some thought, give it some thought, not just what we believe, but we do with it. And then he makes a statement that during the year 2020, at least a hundred people sent me this verse because I guess, they thought I didn't know. It was in the New Testament, but this was the verse I got all throughout 2020, ready? Here it is and not giving up meeting together.
 Other people sent me this, verse all throughout some of you sent me this verse throughout 2020s like Andy, we've given up meeting together. I'm like you haven't given up. We haven't abandoned, we just hit pause and besides that this is what I would think that I wouldn't say to anyone. Do you know how many chairs we've purchased over the last 25 years?
 Yeah, we have so many tears. We're not going to give up meeting together. We have too many chairs, but anyway, so, but anyway, so here's what he says, he says, not not giving up meeting together as some are in the habit of doing but encouraging one. Another. This is so interesting. He says you're going to be tempted to lose Faith drift away from Faith. He's like, but don't drift away from your faith because when you're locked in with your faith, you're going to be more active with your faith. You're going to love better. You're gonna do better. You're going to serve other people better.
 And he says, now here's the thing, one of the ways that's going to keep you from losing. Your faith is to refuse to give up meeting together. Not giving up meeting together as some are in the habit of doing but encouraging one. Another because from time to time, don't tell anybody, we all have doubts from time to time something happened that just doesn't make any sense of God is a good and loving God. Right from time to time. Something happens that we just we can't make it fit into our world view of God.
 And from time to time, we need somebody to come along and put their arm around us or to pray with us, or to speak to us, or to kind of get in her face and say, hey before you abandoned before you give up, let's let's talk about this. He says, hey, you've got to stay connected. Why this is so big? Because when it comes to our faith, when it comes to our faithfulness to God, and when it comes to recognizing God's faithfulness to us, proximity matters, proximity matters.
 Ship matters because proximity and relationship is a faith Builder. Now, here's something I've observed Through The Years. My observation is that people tend to drift from their Community of Faith. That people tend to drift from their Community of Faith before they drift away from faith. That people have a tendency to drift first from their Community Faith. They move to a different city to had to make a new set of friends, and they met some great people. They just want people to hate.
 There something happened, and they weren't able to attend that Bible study anymore that campus ministry anymore, or they graduated from college and went somewhere else. And suddenly, they found themselves without a Community of Faith, or you began working in your work. Schedule, didn't allow you to connect with your Community of Faith, but people generally drift away from their Community of Faith before they drift away from Faith. People lose people lose faith when they lose contact with people a Fate. In fact this may be your story or this may explain
 Your story. And again, all of this points back to all of this points back to why relationships are critical to Growing our personal faith. When we see as is the case with Tim and Carlin. As is the case with him and Carla and jump. When we see God's faithfulness and someone else's life, it's easier to trust him with ours, right? When you see God's faithfulness and someone else's life, it's so much easier to trust him.
 With ours, now while most of us, I would probably guess, While most of us have experienced this in some unexpected, you know, out of the blue, kind of way where you guys were to drop somebody into her life or somebody came along at just the right time. This is something that we can and should be intentional about as well, because we have a role to play in this again. We can't create providential relationships, but we can make decisions personally in his family's and corporately that establish, our help us set ourselves up for those kinds of relationships. Staying connected.
 Connected to a community of Faith. Actually grows our faith and we have the option. We have the power over, whether or not, we choose to stay connected to a community of faith in and doing so positions us. This is the cool part positions us to play a role in someone else's Faith Journey as well. Just being in proximity with other believers. You're doing more for them than you'll ever know, just as you're aware at times, that they're doing more for you than they'll ever be aware of. So, when we launched our church 25 years ago,
 So we these five things were front and center. So we did our best to build our entire church model around these five things specifically around this idea of providential relationships. We knew we couldn't program relationships, but we knew we could organize in such a way that it can increase the possibility or the capacity for people to meet in such a way that those relationships would become providential case in point Community groups. The fact that Tim and Carla were in our community group when he was diagnosed with ALS and to see
 God has done for them through our group and what God has done in our faith through just their experience again. We didn't you can't create a providential relationships relationship but by building our entire Adult Ministry model around small groups. It creates the capacity for that in the potential for that. And many of you many of you, your part of your faith Journey story would be meeting people in a small group meeting people in a home, you didn't know anybody, you weren't sure you. Even like some of these people and over time because of what happened relationally and then over time, what happened? Because of
 What happened? Circumstantially. God used these people that started off as strangers as a catalyst for your own personal faith. It's one of the reasons I know last week, I'm several hundred of you said you're going to step in and help us with family ministry. One of the reasons we do family ministry, the way we do with children, middle school and high school students, is this very idea, this is why when children have a group leader that group leader stays with them for several years or all the way through Middle School, all the way through high school, because we've learned the longer people,
 Are together the more capacity and potential there is for those relationships to become catalytic and faith and providential. In fact, this is one of the best things that we've done. There's been such a huge payoff because the relationship, the relationship between the group leader and kids, the relationship between the group leader and a middle schooler. The relationship between the group leader and a high school student is really more important than the content. That's taught, this is why. If you're a parent, you need to have your kids here.
 Every week possible because the consistency of that relationship in terms of that small group leader, basically, they're going to be a partner with you in your parenting because the relationship becomes catalytic. In the relationship again, has the potential to grow up and blow up their faith and here's the other thing so many times, so many times over the years when I see somebody with a wimble and shirt on or up Street shirt, that's our preschool in our children's age Ministries. If you're joining us for the first time or a Transit t-shirt as middle school or inside out and I'll say to those
 Leaders fasting about in the community or, you know, all over the place, I'll say thank you for serving. Do you know what I hear at least half the time, no, Andy. Being with these kids has done more for my faith than I've done for. There's, I've heard that so many times, why? Because there's just a mutual thing that happens in terms of fueling. One another's Faith, through these kinds of relationships. So we've done that intentionally that for that very reason and is the other reason
 reason before we, you know, quit meeting for a while that I was encouraging like crazy and I'm going to continue to encourage you to invite someone to come sit with you. This is the simplest invitation the world. Hey would you come sit with me? I'm just going to not just going to invite you to my church. I quit doing that years ago. Come sit with me. Come sit with me. We did it this week standard, I was on the phone. Hey, hey, we'll if you're you, don't live that far away. Come sit with us and it's like you let us sit with you or like, of course, just come sit with me, a single invitation, some of you are the product of this, as
 Your story, I should say a single invitation could position you as a catalyst in someone's face story, think about Jim invited invited invited this switch churches. Invited invited divided. It's amazing, right? So, a single invitation, you have no idea. Could be a catalyst to be a significant part of someone's Faith story and invitation it could be an invitation as that would serve as a first step to somebody perhaps rediscovering Faith, after being away from faith for a long, long time, maybe several seasons
 of life. We again, we never know what hangs in the balance, we never know what hangs in the balance of a simple invitation and the courage to say something. Even though we're scared to death. Now, we tell students all the time in middle school and high school. We say this, we came up with this phrase, that's one of our big ideas for students that your friends determine the direction and quality of your life. We've been teaching that for years, your friends determine the direction in quality of your life, your friends determine the direction and the quality of your life, but what's true for 14 year olds?
 What's true for 14 year olds is true for 40 year olds as well, right? The people that we choose to do life with the people. We choose to do life with influence the direction of our lives, and the depth, and the endurance of our faith. Again, one last time when we see God's faithfulness. And someone else's life, it is easier to trust him with ours. When we are in connection, when we're in the type of relationship where we are tracking along with what God is doing or what God seems to not be doing what.
 It's happening in someone else's life and they're people of faith when we're tracking along with, we're in that kind of proximity with those kinds of people. Something happens in our faith as well and it's possibly happening through us. And there's so when we trust God with our lives, our faith gets bigger and when we're in proximity with people whose faith is getting bigger because they're trusting God with their live, our faith gets bigger as well. So last thing,
 If you in this crazy season we've just come through have unplugged from a Community of Faith. If you have become disconnected from a set of friends, that were kind of doing life the way you did life and saw the world. The way you saw, if you've become disconnected during this season, from a Community of Faith, it's time to reconnect. You need to be proactive. Don't just wait for God, to drop someone into your life. He may, or he may not, but you and I have an opportunity, and you, and I have a responsibility to be
 Proactive in, if, you know, someone who needs to connect, make that call. Why not? Who knows? Who knows that? That simple invitation may turn out to be providential. In other words, when they tell their faith story, they'll talk about you and perhaps when you tell your faith story, you'll end up talking about them,
 As well, Providence relationships, when we see God's faithfulness and someone else's life, it is much easier to trust him with ours. This is one of the five things that God uses in a big way in a consistent way to grow up and to blow up our faith. And I don't want you to miss it and we will pick it up right there. Next time. As we explore the fourth thing that God uses to build enduring. Faith for you. Go three questions that you should be fun over lunch, or wherever your
 Discussing these questions and hopefully you've got some folks, you can discuss these with number one. Can you think of someone? This is goes back to where we began. Can you think of someone God, providentially brought into your life at just the right time? And initially, did you resist their input? That's interesting. Number two. You may be hesitant to acknowledge this, but have you played that role in someone else's life? And then, here's the other question. Were you reluctant? Initially? Then there's somebody who's so grateful to you for inviting or asking or serving
 Or whatever it was. And when you think back, you think I almost missed it because I was reluctant, why? Why the reluctance and number three are the people whose stories shaped and strengthen your faith aware of the role they played in your life. Have you told them
 And would you maybe this week, short letter, I'm an email, maybe a text may be a phone call and here's the thing, it may have been years ago, they may have forgotten, they may not even know the role they played in your life and here's the thing, you have no idea what that text or that phone call or that email or that conversation you have no idea the role that may play in their faith Journey as well, so don't miss.
 That opportunity.
 So as we think about how to put this into practice, it may be that you reach out to somebody this week, it may be that you cue this up and say, hey I'm going to make it a priority to be a part of a community group like and he's been talking about and I want you to know that those kickoff in August and we'll be talking about, those will be highlighting those. Those are coming. So as you think through your opportunities over the next weeks and months, put that
 In your plans. So that as we get to August, you still have bandwidth to be a part of one of those conversations. And if you're looking for a little bit of that community, in the meantime, our volunteer teams are a great opportunity to begin those relationships as you continue down that journey. And speaking of summer months, as we get a little further into this one, the month of May May, the last weekend is Memorial Day weekend, and we will not
 Be having a service during that weekend, that is because we're using that weekend as a big gift to our volunteers, many of whom have served relentlessly since we came back in June after covid, kind of kept us out of the building for a little while. And so it's a gift to our volunteers to take that weekend. At allow them to spend time with their family and friends and so that weekend there won't be any live Services here at our church.
 So, just keep that in mind as you head towards the end of the month. Well, if you are our guest today, please don't leave before you, grab your gift from the studio, on your way, out the door. And in just one minute, I'm going to kick off next from I'm going to be down here right in front of the chairs and I would love for you to stick around. If you are newer to our church and have never sat through those 15 minutes as we talked a little bit about the behind the scenes and answer some of your questions. So stick around
 And for that we'll continue to watch your children and I want to invite you all to come back next Sunday, as we jump back into this series until then have a great week, we'll see you soon.
 I need you to.
