One dark night in Egypt.
For one little boy, who is father firstborns. Now with the angel passing low, it was hard to fall asleep, but one little lamb stew in his mind as he lay there.
Weird? Why the young lamb had to die? Why his blood was on through the week. So he called out to his Earthly, father with the trembling voice. So scared crying.
 Father will you please look and see if the blood and the rain may fall but it won't just wash.
 You can look over the damn it. Satan storm heading behind.
 Let's go west down at feel my the fear that gripped. My troubled soul brought me back to my knees in prayer, right? Father
 Just watch.
 You can read.
 Holy ghost in answers, still the same. And then there's enough for spirit of God in you to raise me, I want your promise from God is scheduled for delivery amen. How many of you know that God has made us promises? I mean and that some of us have been waiting for years for things.
 Our lives, for God to move, and God to answer and some longer than others. And I want to just kind of
 slow it down a little bit this morning and we will see what the Lord's got for us in Genesis chapter 17
 He's good to us, amen.
 All the time from Genesis chapter 17, the book of the beginnings, how many of us know, sometimes we need to go back to the book of the beginnings and very familiar scripture. We all know the story of Abraham or Abram the Lord changes his name.
 Genesis 17 and beginning with verse 1 and when Abram was ninety and nine years old, he was pretty old when he was 99. How many of us believe that? Even if your 99? And God says that he's going to answer, he's going to answer and the Lord appeared unto Abram and said unto him, I am the almighty God walk. Before me and be ye perfect.
 And I will make my Covenant between me and you and will multiply you exceedingly and Abram fell on his face and God talked with him saying, as, for me, behold my Covenant is with you and you shall be the father of many nations.
 I want to kind of build just a little bit of a background and chapter 12 of Genesis. The Bible says, this is the first time that God visits with Abraham brother. Mine and he tells him in chapter 12, which was around 25 years. Before chapter 17, he tells Abraham, I am going to make you a father of many nations, as we all know the story, he tells him that he's going to go out and number, if you can go out and over the Stars when you go out the number they're saying this is how much
 Your your descendants are going to be. So you makes this first Covenant with Abraham in chapter 12, now fast forward. 25 years later as we all know the story that God made abrahamic Covenant and he made that Covenant that he would have a son with his wife. Sarah in this chapter 17 here. The next few verses I'm not going to read these because I have a couple other verses I believe I'll never get to this morning. He changes their name from
 Abraham from Abram to Abraham. He changes his wife's name from Sarajevo Sarah, he changes their name. There's a name that I want to talk about this morning is, when he first spoke to Abraham and he said, I am the almighty God. How many of us know this morning we're serving the almighty God? He never changes. People change, people change as I demonstrated many times about as fast as you can up that are put that box which are but I'm glad God doesn't change a mean and the median
 The first time that he spoke to Abraham and that he told him his name. He said, my name is almighty. God, y'all, we're serving and almighty God, washingtondc can't be thrown God. Nobody can Dethrone God. He said here, what is the interpretation of almighty? God is el-shaddai. How many of us know, we need to tell ourselves else should I? What does that word mean? Sister? Can you? That word means that we serve a god, that is sufficient, then whatever we need in our lives. Brother, might be sufficient.
 Center provided a man and not only is he efficient to provide it, but he's a good God. You were saying he'll meet every need that we've ever had, but we go in between. Look, let's look for just a minute because that's Pentecostal people. They don't take as you drop a handsome. Nice Don't Preach a man, but if we if we fast forward back and we look at these 25 years, there was a lot of things that Sarah and Abraham and his wife, Sarah, got it wrong. That man, there was a lot of things that they got sort of side.
 Over the promise of God, y'all, we need to hold true to God, but we've never have true to God what a world that tells us to put God to the side that God doesn't matter how many of you know, people to know who matters this morning. It's the Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ. He's the one who won't do for us in these 25 years. Imagine God speaking to you.
 Maybe it was about, I wrote it down so I wouldn't get confused. I believe he was about 85 and Sarah was about 75 when God first made them this promise and then they got tired of waiting church can I be honest with you this morning be careful about getting tired of waiting. Be very careful about getting tired of waiting on God don't get sidetracked and go off on your other plan about 13 years prior to chapter 17
 We all know the story about getting it back and warn, you don't get caught up in chapter 16 of your life so to speak. Because if you read in chapter 16, his wife Sarah comes up with another plan. Don't try to come up with another plan, besides God's plan for your life, don't we move the ultimate plan of God for your life because in the plan of God in the church, and in my life,
 Because I want to be the best of the best, because I'm not, because of anything that you can do her. I can do. But because when people look at us, they see the spirit of God owners say, man. But anyway, when they went in Chapter 16 years, Sarah begins to, I can imagine this cannot and woman all the man said, amen, I can imagine this woman going to him and said I'm just I don't know if it's ever going to be what God says. It's gonna be true.
 Can I tell you? It's gonna be what God says is going to be. Maybe if you're healed your Hume and goddesses you're gonna have a baby, you're going to have one. If that is, your finances are going to be better than they've ever been, you know, that it is, it's all about. He's gonna open a door for you, he's gonna open that door, I mean, unless you're listening to the devil, are you listening to her about profit? And I don't know of any false prophets in here this morning, I think. But Sarah begin to talk to her.
 I believe she said something like this. Well, you know, I just don't know that I ever being the way God says, it's gonna be and Abraham. I believe even told her. Oh my God, I want to watch that. So that's how many of, you know, when you hear from God, you know, you've heard from God, don't let people to turn you from. When you know you are from God, don't do it just don't. That's just for all of us. Don't do it when God speaks to you and then you know that this is the power of God. Don't let people deter you from from knowing that this
 this is God's will for your life. For this is God's answer.
 Your promise is set to be delivered. A me how many of you know that delivery day came and they have some but before that they got themselves in a little bit of trouble, getting out of the will of God is consequences that you and I will pay for for many years.
 He had a son. He had a son named Ishmael with his handmaid Hagar and Ishmael and Isaac as we all know why they're still fighting and why they're still turmoil in the Middle East today because of one man. And one woman couldn't hold out for the promise of God church. I want to tell you, don't settle for anything less than the promise of God in your life. Anybody listening to me, don't settle for anything less than the promise of God and your God is going to deliver his promise and your buttocks.
 When we least expected he said here and we look on over into Genesis 18 and 14 and when we go over into so don't get caught up in chapter 16. Don't get caught up and in chapter 16 is when they kind of derailed off the promise of God, keep your mind in your eyes on the Target and that Target is the will of God. A man.
 In Genesis 18 and 14. He asked, Sarah. Will know the story. God comes to visit Abraham and he says, well let me let me fix you something to eat and I'm here to present all this and Trevor 18. He says I'm coming to visit. You and Sarah begins to laugh at dawn. I want to tell you something church. When God tells you he's about to deliver your promise. It'll make you laugh. Maybe some people said she might have been laughing, because it's not possible. I'm 89 years old. And my husband's about 99, it's not possible. But we don't know that maybe she was lacking from the joy.
 She asked a question. God asked her a question. Is there anything? That's too hard for God church. I want to ask you something this morning. Is there anything in your life? It's too hard for God. Is there anything that you need from God? That's too hard for God to do and then again Jeremiah 32 and 27. He asked the same question to my knowledge. This is the only two times in the Bible that this same question is asked is there anything? That's too.
 Hard for God. Some of you may be facing something this week. It may be an answer and maybe you might need direction. You might be going to a doctor's appointment. I don't know what your lives are everyday, but God is telling you this morning. There is nothing too hard for him to do when that are point in time. Came for God to show up and say, all right, now I'm ready to deliver my part that was nothing and think about this. There's nothing you can do. That's going to ultra God's promise in your life. You may make mistakes. You make it all track. You may do all these things but you can, you're going to women.
 The consequences for doing those things. But what's that / God is they're going to show up at your door and say, here I am, I've come to deliver how many people got to deliver the promises that he's promised you and your life? I mean, I say Brothers like that, man, I'll make you a promise before. The sun goes down, that works sometimes, don't mean anything, but aren't we? Glad that God's word means everything to us. Are we glad that when God is there an appointed time? Is there an appointed season?
 No, yes, there is Amy and I'm going to show you that in just a minute. God make the promises. Do we often sometimes get off track on our own promises and when we do it delays God's plan. How many of you know that I believe that God's plan was delayed.
 the Bible says, if you read out the numbers that he waited about 25 years,
 It doesn't matter. Miss Jamie, we have to wait a few years. How many of you know, God is going to deliver your palms up there? Come a time that Sarah and she was laughing at God and we can take it either way, you want to. And I believe Philip that is that as she began to, she got pregnant there and there's a she began to deliver. Isaac. I don't know about y'all but I'm not sure delivering person. Amen, but there's some things in our lives that God is going to deliver to you, amen. Yeah. Ordered a package online or whatever the case may be and there's a, there's a
 Estimated delivery. And sometimes it gets there when it says it is and sometimes it gets there when it maybe a day or two earlier or maybe a day or two late, it's never just forgot y'all to tell you something. When God says the delivery time for your life and what he's going to do for you, it's not going to be two or three days early. It's not going to be five days. Weight is going to be some of us in the promises of God in our lives. It may take 25 years, but at the appointed time, God is going.
 In to deliver what he says he's going to deliver a man.
 And as we sang that song, the Holy Ghost in Acts, I want you to turn with me to the book of Acts.
 Chapter 7. God is a good God, Amy.
 I am almighty God.
 I don't believe that there's the Bible says that there's none other than God. Amen.
 Acts chapter 7.
 Verse 17.
 But we in somebody say but William but but when the time of the promise, Drew near which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt.
 but when the time of the promise, Drew near,
 Church. There's if there's a time of promise that strong near in your life. Amen. There's a time of a promise that God has made you for your lost, loved ones for your healing, for your peace of mind, for whatever it may be, there's a Time.
 Of the promise in God, is saying to us. We make we, you know, we not, we don't may, we do live in a world where perilous times has hit the face of the Earth. The Lord warned us of those things. I believe in the book of Timothy that the perilous times we're going to come, you know, that evil was going to fix itself more and more as the day of the Lord approaches and all these things that were, then going to turn their backs on God and all these things were going to happen. How many of us know that we're in those times right now as far as in this world but in ours
 As Philip said this morning, where is that same? Holy ghost live? He lives down inside of us and even in the book of Acts where the where the few few chapters before chapter 7, when they had the greatest Revival that they had ever had, I believe on the face of the earth and the Holy Ghost came down, and they began to speak in tongues and they begin to believe as they were in the upper room. And and in hundreds, got saved under the ministry of Peter and that won't shortly after that, the Lord wanted to go back and revisit something that he had told Abraham, brother, Frank here. Toe paper,
 You said at an appointed time, I'm going to deliver what? I promised you, if we look at this and we say that that same guy he lives down inside of us. He told Abraham. I am almighty God. He started the conversation out by letting Abraham know who he is. I don't know about no but it doesn't matter who the world tries to tell us that God is I know who God is and then I have a relationship with God. You have a relationship with God. I don't know that just know about the Lord and read the Bible. How many of you know, the devil know?
 Knows about the lord. The devil probably can squirt. Quote scriptures better than some preachers can but I don't want to know about the Lord. I want to have a conversation with him. I want him to come and visit me and let me know Candy, I am still almighty God, any candy? I'm still almighty. God will show up in the middle of the night to remind you that he's almighty. God, he'll show up in the middle of the day to remind you and Whisper to you that I'm already got. No. That's the one that we serve. He's the same God yesterday today and forever. And how many of you believe?
 Because of almighty God no matter what y'all, we got years of promises that God is saying to us this morning that he's going to delivery.
 How many of us know this morning that by the grace of God, we can make it through anything in our lives. So sure. Candy you have no idea what I've been through y'all. We could all say that about each other and then I believe the church folks are the best ones. We make a profession out of putting on our face. Amen. Some of the most depressed People You Meet is church, folks. Amen. Because we know how to put our face.
 Let's start by chopping said God, I'm in the somewhere in the middle of that, 25, your promise. And God I'm somewhere in the middle and God my family still acting crazy and and got this is still going on and got. This is still going in alone. I'm almost sure. I did hear you some years ago, for some months ago or weeks ago or days ago. I'm almost sure. I did hear you. But Lord, when it when, is it ever gonna change? When it's things going to ever change? And got our, we're not here, and I've done this. And I've got my life's short and a mess. How did you know that? God didn't care that they were him and got his life in a man.
 Is by getting another having a son with another woman, what God cared about? He said, Abraham my almighty God, here I am. I've come to do exactly what I said. I'm gonna do you know that God is going to do exactly what he says, he's not somewhere on the bench wondering whether or not, he would he's going to do or how he's gonna do it. He's an exact job. Sister Katie pretty good to me.
 Let your gaze beneath. Yeah, and your knees be naked. It's not somewhere wondering and thinking about what I'm gonna bless you Newport Worship Center. I'm not gonna bless their families. He's not somewhere wondering what he's going to do. He only knows what he's going to do and when he knows what he's going to do, there's an appointed time. The Bible says, at the time of the promised,
 It may seem like sister hanging out had, you know, he will get that one product when things don't happen when they think it should look, can we just be real for just a few more minutes? People get I have heard.
 Saved blood bolt, Spirit-filled gift field. People say well, I've had word spoken over me many times.
 The church is true. I've heard people say that I had words and stuff like that spoken over me so many times and people have gotten it wrong, y'all. Can I be honest with you man or woman may get it wrong but God Almighty never does say almighty god brother, Mike never gets it wrong church. I want to encourage you this morning that almighty god. Sister candy. What are you trying to tell us this morning?
 God is a faithful God.
 And even when it seems like the more you pray, the worst. How many of you? If I close my eyes? Everybody. Close your eyes for just me. How many of you this morning would say, sister candy? The more I pray the harder. It seems to give the more. I pray the worse, it gets the more. I pray the further. It seems like God's A Million Miles Away. Now we can open our eyes. Did you take a minute to reflect on yourself Church, the hardest person?
 The world of be honest with is yourself, it's true. The hardest person in the world to be honest with is yourself. Don't be discouraged because God had answered when we think he should that just because he doesn't answer on our time. Frame does not mean he's not going to answer. Amen. El Shaddai, El Shaddai. I believe that God will visit us amen. He said I'm almighty God.
 He said, Abraham.
 I'm almighty God. I've come to let you know that what I told you 25 years ago still stands because I didn't change my mind. How many of us know that God's not going to change his mind when it comes to blessing us? He told Abraham, I said, I wouldn't make you a father of many nations and what I said is going to be people think in this world that God has been minimized to their standards. How many of us know that God is Not minimized to any of us? He's the same yesterday.
 Today and forever alien, and the Holy Ghost in Acts, he still the same, maybe he still the same, and I believe in the outpouring of the spirit of God, I believe that God that there's promises that God has made in our lives and we just got to say, God, I want them. They mean,
