My dog. Don't you worry for God sent me today. Help ones are just hold on. Help is coming.
 Those who believe help won't help tomorrow. Just hold on a little longer, help me.
 The Slime come by in burdens, get you down. You think no one is listening.
 You think no one's around. Just remember his words and trust him. Keep your eyes toward the heaven because help is on the way, just hold on.
 A Brighter Day is coming. Help won't help tomorrow. If you just hold on, a little longer, help is on the way.
 Help won't help tomorrow if you just hold on.
 Preacher message this morning, very simple. And I believe I have reached this before. If you're hanging by a thread, there's an old song by Jeff and Sheri Easter that I love that talks about hanging bathroom and I believe this morning, I've had this message Ivory for about two days and I believe this morning that someone are some people in here this morning that you feel like you're hanging out for you.
 How many of you can say this more helps on the way? We've got to believe that help is on the way if you'll turn with me in the Book of Mark chapter 5, very familiar verses and we're just going to see what the word of God says this morning. Amen. How many of you in here this morning or know somebody that needs a healing your body for the last two days? I have been listening to songs and reading scriptures about healing. How many of you believe this morning that God is still
 The great position, there's nothing that God can't be in all mornings.
 it's of that, there's been
 Inviting hit us before I left home and then Miss Jean here needed, wanted, special prayer for sister Mitchell and different ones that I believe this morning, that he still in the healing business. They didn't believe that he stopped healing. The Bible says that with his stripes, we are healed. And that a lot of times that the demons from hell will bring things into our lives and make them look real when they're really not. He'll make them bigger than what they are. But I believe this morning that as the
 Year that had this issue of blood. It's a very familiar scripture. I believe that just as God passed by an award pass by that day, that he can pass by here for somebody this morning. They mean, I still believe that God heals. I don't believe that the Lord went to the Cross just for our sins. I believe that he did go to the cross for our sins, but he went to the cross for so much more than that. Amen. He went that the chastisement of our peace would be upon him. How many of you know, that we can't have?
 A piece outside of Jesus, but with him we can't have peace. Amen. And I believe that he went for the day-to-day things of our lives and some of that is healing. And I believe this morning that God can and God will and God does still, he always believed that when you look around, this congregation this morning and we can see people here that had it not been for the healing virtue of God. Some of us would have already made our way onto Heaven. Amen. But for some reason that maybe we don't
 That God has left us here for such a time as this. How many of you believe this morning that we're not going to heaven as long as there's a such a time as this drama I'm saving. And we can we sister, Qing and what are you excited about this morning? I'm excited. That not only is he king of kings and Lord of lords. And that one day, he's going to split that Eastern sky and the world is going to change in the moment of a twinkling of an eye that the dead in Christ is going to rise first. And then those of us that remain will meet them in the air. But
 Until that day comes. I'm excited to know that he's Lord of my life baby and no matter what I have to do every day that he's right there with me to face that and if he so chooses that he can take that day, they dark cloud away. How many of you know that one day, the dark clouds around lives Are Gonna Roll Away. We we're not going to see those clouds anymore, but until that day comes, we can Rejoice here on this side of heaven and know that. Wait a minute, my God loves me and I love my God. Amen. We just gotta
 Now that we know that we're not even when you're hanging by a thread y'all there still hope even when your situation feels like God, I've lost my hope don't ever lose your hope because there's hope in the Lord Acton and even when we take our last breath, how many of you believe that we're going to a better place than we've ever seen before, not lives. They sometimes God chooses to heal on this side of heaven and sometimes God chooses to heal on over in heaven. Amen. That
 when we lay down all these burdens and we lay down all these things in our lives, we know that God is the miracle, working God. Amen. And how many of us believe this morning? That sometimes we need a healing in other ways, besides in the physical. I mean we may need a healing in the
 Spiritual or in the emotional or in the middle, but someone here today. How many of, you know that God has a way that he has already confirmed this word. He's already said Kandi. This is the word for the day and God is going to have his way, amen. Mark chapter 5 and verse 25 and a certain woman who had an issue of blood twelve years. How many of, you know, that whatever our issue is
 Watch. Got the answer, a million and had suffered many things of many Physicians. I would stop there. For just a minute. We're gonna break this down here for just a minute. Now, I don't know about y'all but here it says, had suffered many things of many Physicians, how many of you believe that that's probably in our day and time probably might be lab work x-rays MRIs test after cash and they haven't yet been to many of them. You know the one you go to this one for this and then they can't. Well they don't have the right opinion then they'll send you to the other one to see if he's got another opinion in.
 Then that going to send you to another one to see. If they've got another opinion, and don't get me wrong, I'm in the medical field. I understand how it works. But the Bible says here that she had suffered many things of many Physicians. Basically, she had when they had done all, they could do and they could not solve her issue in some of us here this morning, feel that way, how many of us feel like we've gone and we've done all we know to do and I've still I'm still faced with this thing that's in my life and had spent all that she had
 She didn't spend all of our money, everything. How many of you go to the doctor and you feel like you've spent everything he got? I mean, if you if you suffered many things of many Physicians, by the time you get to the end, you you going to spend a whole lot of money and was nothing better but rather grew worse. In other words, she had done all she could do within her own power and nothing worth noting even got better, but were it just continued to grow worse.
 Did of going the other way. And when she had heard of Jesus, when she had heard of Jesus,
 Came in the press behind and touched His Garment.
 for she said,
 If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be made hold. And straightway the Fountain of her blood was dried up
 And she felt in her body.
 That she was healed of that plague. And Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press and said,
 Who touched my clothes, and his disciples said unto him, you see the multitude pushing it? You, so, to speak and saying and now you're going to ask who touched me. I want to paraphrase here, just a little bit. Add my twist to it that I believe the disciples were looking at. Jesus sir. You have you y'all, right? There's no way we can tell who done this. One of the things I want to point out here is that she's the Bible says that she said if I made but Church to him
 Of his corner. Now I wonder here. I've heard this message preached, many times I've preached it many times through the years. Wonder here's the Strand. Nobody knew who had when Jesus turned around and said who touched me virtues gone out of me, something's changed in my body. How many of you believe that? What came out of his body went into her body? Because he said, weren't you came out of my body? And then she knew within her body that she was healed. But nobody knew who this was. Nobody, can I do?
 Identify the wait a minute, this is the woman. It was an honor. It was Jamie or was Gene or it was murder was sharing. Nobody could identify that this was this woman. Nobody heard her speak. So therefore she spoke within herself if I can but Touch the Hem of His Garment how many of us understand this morning? That sometimes we need to talk to ourselves. And say, if I can do this I asked about it by God's grace, I can do this. I mean, by the Lord's Grace, I can do this and what you do.
 Have to tell the devil watching see what God's gonna do baby. How many of you know that we need to curse them things in our lives?
 You can say sister Qing, is that what we need to do? I believe that when virtue came out of the Lord, and went into this woman that that blood issue that she had that physical ailment that she had for 12 years, was cursed from the route Breitling. How many of you know, that we need to curse things in our lives and tell the devil that thing is cursed. And it's not coming back on my body or it's not hunting back in my favorites, not coming back in my life anymore and walk away from. And how many of us have that kind of thing? This morning? I don't know about y'all but I
 Kind of like this morning. I know back in May of last year that we wrote down, I asked everybody to write down things that they wanted to see God doing that. We would look back on it and a year and see what God had done sometime last year. I wrote down in that I said that my mama would never have them on you again. How many of you know that may seem crazy because of her agent because of her history but since last July, when I wrote that down, Mama hasn't had any more issues with that again. How many people
 And I said, God it's been almost two years since she's had to be in the hospital for that. How many of, you know, that she's been having this sick of her stomach? Every morning, because of the medication she takes and I stop for a minute and I said, even if I'm late getting to church, we're going to repeat this thing. We're gonna crush this thing and I'll believe that when I left the house this morning, that it comes over every morning left. Amen.
 How many of us know that we put up? Then we need to tell the devil said, wait a minute devil. First this thing to the roots. God didn't just give me or preachers are some preachers. I want them animal who turns up a DUI, he just gives certain people. The ability to say to the devil get away from me. The Bible gives that the Lord gives that to all of us. We need to stand up and say, wait a minute dad. What if this lady here, had an issue, whatever my age,
 A shoe is I can get to the Lord in The Lord of solve my issue. How many of us believe that this morning that we can speak to it? But as long as we don't speak to the Devil, he's going to continue to bother me. Amen. We need to show the devil until the devil. But with God, great things will happen in our lives. I mean, in Jesus, immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone on him and turned him about in the press and said, who touched me and the
 It was said unto him, you see the multitude and you're going to ask, what if it's tight was? I think they had to put a bit of an attitude. Can you read this and find out? This thing that they have a little bit of an attitude. Whoo. And you're going to ask who touched me and he looked around about to see her that had done this thing.
 I believe that when the Lord looked around he could he look right into her eyes and he me that she was the one that had touched him but the woman fearing and trembling knowing what was done to her came and fell down before him.
 And told him all the truth.
 and he said unto her daughter,
 Your faith has made you whole go in peace.
 And behold of that leg.
 you know, the Bible says here, that in the first part of that, that I read to you, the Bible called it, that leg
 In the first few verses of that, the Bible calls it that plague that she had. And then Jesus is it's written. In red told her said that point how many of, you know, there's a difference between that plague and you'll click and sometimes in life. We take on that leg when it's really not ours. Amen. And our plague, God has the answer for it and I want to read one more verse in Revelation.
 Chapter 12 and verse 11.
 And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. And they and they loved not their lives unto the death and they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. Now, this woman here in Mark, I read to you. There's a different
 There's different versions of it. I read it out of Mark. There's one out of Matthew because that's the four gospels. Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. And I read Marx, Take On The woman there with the issue of blood. But it says here that they in Revelation that they overcame by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony, I believe this morning brother, Michael, we can overcome anything by the world of Alliance. Hey, man, how many of, you know, that blood has God's blood in the blood that he shed at Calvary?
 Is got it. It's powerful and that he looks into our lives and he knows that, you know, no matter what we face, no matter what we have to go through, and we can face it by the blood of the lamb. And I believe that many of us as we many years ago, had that prophecy come out about the blood here in this church and we applied that blood to our own doorpost, so to speak in the spirit realm. How many of us know that the devil cannot cross the bloodline you? Some of you need to be reminded this morning is, I am often times in my life that the
 Blood of God, still works. So him that you are covered by the blood of a doesn't matter. It doesn't matter where we are and we're both the promise. We're both the high price and it was the blood of the lamb and how many of you know that we're going to overcome all these things by the blood flowing.
 But as long as we got the blood of the Lamb of God are rods and all things are possible. How many of you this morning that said, sister candy. I feel like I'm just hanging by a thread I'm preaching to somebody because the Lord I didn't have to study. I didn't even have to ask for more. What do you want? You know, preachers has been preaching a long time. Lord, what do you want me to push or appreciation? I would reach that. But when there's a, there's a word. And then there's a prophetic word and sometimes when God gives you something to three days ahead of time, there's somebody in here to East, you know, you may be thinking about
 The human mind about red, but sometimes all you need to do is Touch the Hem of His Garment. I mean and there's many times that we may have to go back and Touch the Hem of a garment one more time. But he's always there. He never leaves us, nor forsake us, and by the blood that he shed at Calvary, somebody in here for you, but God wants me to tell you this morning. They there still hope you hold on to that thread. Don't you? Let it go because by the blood of the Lamb, we are all Overcomers.
 Lord, if I do, but Touch the Hem of His Garment. What her issue was is a besides, our physical issue is that she had a crowd around her. There were things around our people were trying to get to Jesus. People were trying to get to him because they had needs in their lives, but now that is that he died on the cross and he rose again. And he went down to Hades and got the keys of death, hell and the grave. He overcame these things about his blood then when that said veil was rent from top to bottom and it
 We have access. We don't I don't have to worry about you taking my voice. I don't have to work that somebody else ground around him. But what brown just around is the things in our lives.
 I'm in a different kind of crowd, it's not that that we physically have Jesus here with us in there. So many people, there's multitude surround that we can't get to him, but what he does, is he crowds online when maybe a telephone or maybe this or maybe that in our lives or maybe it's the job that crowd your mind. What is it? This morning that's crowd your mind away from the Lord. The Lord saying this morning. There's some of us are in the sense of the speed we're hanging down.
 Red. But one thing I know for sure is most suited than that, we can come as a storm. Says we met. We can climb a high mountain maybe even though it may look bad. Even though they may look this way in our lives, Miss Eddie used to sing the song. I'm climbing a mountain trying to get home. What happens to people when they quit climbing is that they backslide on God. I mean, we gotta, we gotta keep climbing saying God, no matter what I have to face God, no matter what I have to go through, God, you are the answer right now and the
 The song says it's when you are hanging by a thread.
 You can climb.
 The highest mountain, though, the cliffs are rough and ragged you can code. If you slip and reach ropes in you will find the Hem of His Garment how many of us this morning, say sister candy.
 I'm hanging by a thread.
 So she can be. I feel like sometimes that I don't know if I'm going to make it or not.
 Sister candy. I feel like that something this week, slap me in the face, and I don't know if I have the answers or not, so she can t, I don't know if if God is going to answer the way I want him to or not such candy, I've been dealing with this physical element for a long time, and I've been praying for many times, and I just don't know if God's going to heal my body.
 Church. I want to tell you something this morning, God still in the miracle worker bees, they say all the time how many of you know, the church can warp your mind
 Hey man. I remember that growing up that used to say, well until you get healed of being a diabetic, you can't break for anybody else. What foolishness Church, what foolishness, how many of you know, that I am your? Because you can look at me and not even tell there's anything wrong with me, but one day, I'm going to be healed over on the other side, completely. But we have to take that and we have to say, God y'all don't take no foolishness what people will tell you and one of your mind baby in because God is saying this morning that
 We look at the scripture, we look at these things that greater things than what he did shall, we be able to do and he look and virtue came out of him. I believe the Lord saying virtue will come out of him, through the spirit realm this morning for somebody that would dare to Touch the Hem of His Garment. I did, do we need a touch from God? Give me come to church and you come to church this morning to get a touch from me. You come for the wrong reason. But if we come to get a touch from God, we come for the right reason.
 You got in store for me. God, but I'm fixing to go where I can reach the Hem of your garment ugly. That's what will see. Miracles back on the face of the Earth. How many of you know that we need miracles on the face of the Earth? Again, preachers. Don't want to preach about several things. Can I tell you what? They are first and foremost preachers in the Pulpit. Don't want to preach about Sleeman. He need the truth. Yes, because we live in a time where everybody's okay and everybody's going to heaven. How many of you know if I've got sand in my life? I'm not going.
 Only way I can keep saying out of my life is through the blood of Jesus. One of the other things that I want to preach about, is the nine gifts of God, and of the truth, and we were preaching about it. Administrator under the anointing of the nine gifts of God. We will see the outpouring of the spirit
 I don't want to preach about speaking in tongues and get out messages and doing it the right way and moving in the spin, the spinner room of God. And if that of the nine gifts of those, one of those gifts are healing and nobody wants to talk about it because we're so bombarded by what Fox News and CBS and NBC. And all these things are telling us that everybody's going to die such and such and such and such and were debating about why they got a vaccine or cure for this when this right, here's I cure for everything.
 This morning, can I be honest with you? I've been raised in church, all of my life and I and I'm grateful for my reason I'm grateful for the routers about it, but sometimes people that need you good and then attention can warp your mind to the point that it cripples you from doing what God wants you to try to make your mind up the stakes, a with it. Doesn't matter what's crowded around me. It doesn't matter what surrounding I'm going to Touch the Hem of God's garment, because I need a blessing in my life. Amen. And when we get back to turn,
 Make sure we get to that place and we say, God, let us turn your, I believe you said, what's the answer? What is the answer? What's going on that woman? Need an answer in her life and we look at which the United States of America in this world does not have an answer for all the things and the turmoil that's going on, but it will turn our at the Christian people. The Bible says, if my people will humble themselves and pray and we turn our face back to God and we say God I still don't know about you.
 Services. Like what we once had. They mean, where we see the outpouring of the spirit of God. Now, I'm not know about foolishness, how do you know there's an outpouring of the spirit of God in their foolishness? But I'm talking about an outpouring of the spirit of God, when he said, I've got to get over there for the I've heard of a man. And I got to go over there where you sit, but Church, where the church world has failed throughout the years. Is they heard of a man?
 I'm not coming back. I'm talking about being made in Jesus Christ. Amen. I'm talking about the one that said, I shed my blood for other blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. How many of you got a testimony this morning? They can say, wait a minute, God has brought me from where I never thought I would come from. They need you. God is Robin from places. I never thought I would come from. You say sister Katie, but somehow I get right back in that same place or somehow I get right back.
 Next time, Darkness. Let me reassure you this morning. That God has got Grace in your life, touch your life again, and again, and again. And again, I'm in the bottom one up and in one chapter of Psalms that every version of that, one chapter, he starts out by the mercies of God. When you every day, how many of us need the merciful god to be renewed every single day in our lives. And that's what he's there for us to renew his mercy and his grace sister handy. I'm hanging by fotolia.
