Let your sweet Aroma of Sharon show me. How to growing
God says, it's in Thousand. Make me a reflection of your star shine down.
Shine.
 Let you were speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before.
 But I want to be your witness. Take, what's wrong? A star shine down.
 Lord. I see a world that's dying by the master.
 Jesus shine down on me, Let Your Love Shine through me.
 In the night.
 There's power in the blood.
 How's the bloodline sister Esther? Because God say it at this time when and I know it's not Easter, but I'm just, I get excited this time of year. Amen. He said it this time brother. Frank is finished. How many of us understand when God says it's finished. It's done. We're not, but I'll never have to go back to the way we used to do things. Again, they never had to go back and sacrifice to make sure that the lamb was without spot without blemish, because we ought to look one that was without spot without blemish. He chose to go to a cross for you and I not only for us
 Aliens before our peace. Our healing. What is it that we need in the house of God? This morning, I don't know about y'all, but I come to have church station and this is where we need to get refilled and it's by the blood of Jesus Christ. And because of that, we can enter into his presence. It's a winner when we have need of this one, I don't know which way God's gonna go. I had a message written all that this is not the prettiest most of the time I do over there.
 Psalms. And, and then I, then I got to thinking I said, oh, that's that's you spoke. Something else to me this morning before I left now, now the twist in between and the Lord said, just get up and go how many know sometimes, you just need to get out of America in this world is so Shackled and shut, so down. But are we glad that the blood of saints of God? They were free this morning and they were going to look like
 Sometimes just to worry well this morning. The Lord is saying we need to draw the bloodline. We need to tell the devil waiting. Then it's making you had your day with me now. Nothing is enough. Amen. The other night. I begin to pray. As many of us have prayed in here. I begin to tell the devil and right here in my hands up again to tell the devil. Now enough is enough, how many of, you know we can tell the devil, get all of my family. Get off of my job, get out of my house, get out of my body.
 Tell the devil because there's a red line and it's drawn that the enemy cannot cross. That Brooklyn idea. How many of us come have church this morning to me Our Song sung to me, I want to be able to come and when I leave say God, it has been good to be in the house of over there.
 The saints of God by the spirit of the Living. God is flowing. Well be into you cuz you're not gonna find any out there in this world.
 In the presence of God. I mean I believe some of those that were here. Last Sunday, I believe that some of them shared that they're going to be coming back and I believe that amen, we have to hold on to that. We have to say, God sending them to the house of God, send your people in y'all. That's what it's about because we're living in a time where the world is lost and dying in his undone without the blood of the Lord. They did Exodus chapter 12. We're gonna go in today, men and ask God to help us
 This is not what I had prepared. But how many of, you know, if we got the spirit of the Living God down inside of us, we're always prepared. He said to preach in season and out of season and when I was a young preacher, I didn't know what that meant but sometimes now I look and I realize I do exactly what we have to preach. Whether we feel the preacher, whether we know, but I'm feeling the preacher pretty good this morning. I mean, Exodus chapter 12 we're leading up into the week that Jesus.
 Was facing the cross and he was facing probably and not probably but was the hardest week of his life here on Earth as a man. And he was, he was facing, not only the cross, but he was facing being betrayed by, by the world and being betrayed by those that surrounded him. And those that said, I'll stick with you and I'll never leave you and he was facing betrayal, and he was facing some that couldn't even pray with
 And how many of us have ever felt like we're alone in the world and there's nobody around or that nobody understands what I'm going through. Can I tell you this morning that some people may not understand what you're going through, but the Lord does, can I tell you this morning that there's not not a place in our lives that we have ever been or where we are or that we ever will be that the Lord doesn't understand exactly where we are. I mean, because he was king of kings, and Lord of lords, and yet he faced so many things,
 Things and up in this week, he was, we were talking about, you know, there when he rode on Palm Sunday, as it is today that he wrote the the donkey into Jerusalem. And they had the palm branches out there and they began to say hosanna, Hosanna, and all these things. And how many of, you know, that Hosanna means to rescue to save? How many of us this morning? Need rescuing and saving from something in our lives. Let's just talk real talk this morning. They me and you say Sister Kate.
 I pray about it. I feel Lord? Amen. Sister candy, I prayed about it, I'm worried about it. I thought about it. I've talked about it.
 And it just seems like there is no answer. Can I tell you this morning that the Lord will send your answer to you? Amy
 Exodus chapter 12 verse 7 reads. This is the Old Testament where the the, let me give a little background, the Old Testament, where the Egyptians had God's people captive and God had sent many plagues to pharaoh. And this was the last and final one was the death of the firstborn son and all the lengths. Now, I don't know about y'all, but if the Lord was trying to get my attention,
 I believe all these other plagues and he had sent would have gotten my attention frogs and, you know, I don't like, can you imagine the thought of a frog hopping on you frogs and, and lice, and all these different things that begin to happen. I think God would have would have very quickly have gotten my attention, but if I was stubborn and cold-hearted and mean, and cruel, as he was hearing these days, I do believe that the death of the firstborn son and they the angel of death, the Bible did not say that. It was a demon.
 Many know that sometimes as church people want to call the work of God sometimes. Well that must be a devil that must be a. Demon Bible says that it was the angel of death passed through this land that he had to get pharaohs attention and we understand it. How many of us can we say sometimes in our life? That we feel that we've got a favor. Oh,
 You're thinking about it.
 Let that Ponder for just, I'm not talking about a physical person.
 Favorite had them bound. He had them. He said, they were never going to leave. They were they were they were his slaves and they were always going to be his slaves. How many of us this morning? Do we have a favor? Oh, have you identified your favor of just in the last few seconds that I asked you that question? I would, I would beg the difference that we all have one in some shape form or fashion.
 Exodus 12, and 7, and they shall take of the word.
 He said he's in here in the first few verses he said, go and find you a lamb without spot without blemish.
 And he said and then take you sure take the blood and strike it on the two doorpost and on the upper doorpost of the houses, wherein they shall eat it and Skip on down to verse 11.
 And thus, shall you eat it when you're low inks Girt with your loins, girded and shoes on your feet and staff in your hand and you shall eat it in haste, it is the Lord's Passover for. I will pass through the land of Egypt this night and we'll smoke all the firstborn in the land of Egypt. Both man and Beast, and against all of the Gods of Egypt.
 I will execute judgement. I am the Lord.
 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the house where you are. And when I speak the blood, I will pass over you and the plague shall not come upon you to destroy you. When I smite the land of Egypt, he said here, he said, take the blood and a pot over the door, post it, when I see it as a token, I will pass over.
 He said in the New Testament, the Passover there, or the Last Supper, he said they began to eat and he knew that Judas was there with him, and he knew that he had an enemy and he knew that enemy was, how many of us understand that when the blood God, the blood of Jesus is applied to our lives. Can you look back over your life and know that there were things that passed over that should have happened in our lives, that didn't? But because the enemy had to recognize the blood was applied to our lives, that things past
 Over us. You ever think about that. You ever think about the times when he said here that you will eat and in all through the land of Egypt and he said I am the Lord and He will recognize the word how many of us know that one day, this world's going to recognize Jesus as the Lord once again. Amen. I believe he's coming back. Amen. He said he'll come back after and people without spot without blemish. We cannot live it outside of the blood of Jesus without spot without blemish. That means he's coming back.
 A perfectly. Well he also said he's coming back for people that's on fire for him. I don't know about y'all but I want to be on fire for God. I want to find be found lukewarm. I don't want to be found cold and indifferent with God, but I want to be found on fire for God. What is it this morning that we need God to say? Lord, I'm applying the wood now God, I'm apply. How many of you understand in the last year that we can give some blood applying? And then I started out last March and I said, God I don't know how to pray. I don't know what to do the world's going.
 Daisy, everybody's putting fear in this. They were all going to die of this thing but I all I know to do is turn my face to the wall and say Lord, why would I begin to apply the blood over my life over my family over my work, over the church? How many of you know the blood still works. They mean it still works, we can tell there's power in the blood. Where does the power come from? He said, I've got to walk up a Hill Called Golgotha. How many of you know? But sometimes you may have to walk up a bad deal.
 When you get to the top of it, the horse goes look down and say, but it's finished at the end, that's the real Rick tour from top to bottom. And when it ripped from top to bottom, we were able to have access into the holies of holies back in the Old Testament days. People calling the priest could go into the holies of holies and if that race was found with sin in their life, they were dragged out there, they didn't won't back out. Aren't we glad this morning then we can enter, because of the blood of Jesus, because of it being applied Upon Our Lives. We can enter into the
 He's of holies. I'll have to have a place to go before me. I don't have to have a dignitary government for me to have a church world go before me. Just between me and the Lord, I can go into the holies of holies and how many of you know that is where our lives change this morning, a big, do we want to go into a place where we say, God, I'm just gonna surrender it all to you. How many of, you know, that in that week that needs, we started out on Palm Sunday. And if that wig on Thursday night, he said, could you not even pray with me, it was dark.
 Morning Savers. Lowest point of his life here on Earth when he went into the Garden of Gethsemane. In the Bible says that he prayed so hard that his sweat became like drops of blood. Y'all have we break that hard for things in our lives like y'all let's get real when he said God is there anyway Lord he began to pray. Our father. Is there any way is there not another way? I know this is what I came for. Is there not another way that this can happen? Can this cup pass from me? But then he the end of that is
 I said, God not my will, but yours be gonna ask you this morning. It's there's some things that you need to surrender to God, is there some things that you need to say, God, I'm going to surrender this to. You got all know there's any other way, but God, I'm going to surrender this to you this morning. I feel like in this place, we need to surrender some things to God. We need to say. God surrendering you, I told you before I started preaching, I was not going to preach what I already had prepared. I was going to rely on the spirit of God and the word of God is down in me and
 Go to stay in this morning, we need to surrender some things, the Lord began to surrender his will to God's will church. I want to tell you something this morning about fatherhood hadean. There's one little lamb. Y'all there was a lamb that was slain for us and he went to an ultimate cross, but one day of, can I change it. There's a song that says Sunday's coming, they need y'all, we need to know them when we can surrender that thing and we can surrender watching our lives. Y'all, maybe it's our help, maybe it's not fun. It's just, I don't know what you
 have made up, but whatever it is this morning that you need to surrender to the Lord. The Lord is saying, when we surrender, I will for his will, then we will see him moving Our Lives. How many of, you know, this morning. But for the blood, there's power in the blood sister Linda, when you begin to sing that song this morning I said, wait a minute I said Lord y'all know how it gets me you know you don't love that an angel in bed. You know from your past 40 won't some people say you're still a baby to you turned 40. I don't know which way you want to look at it but I said Lord that.
 I wasn't even supposed to write all that down this morning, how did you know? But for the blood the blood of Jesus Christ can take you to places that you've never seen before in your room. And you say, sister candy what is the answer church? I want to tell you Jesus died and Ultimate Death so that this lost and Dying World this morning before church started, we brought up how we the United States of America needs prayer like never before.
 Church. He died for this world that lives so wicked. Come on. He died for this world that lives. So, evil that has been trying all this time to take Jesus out of out of what we did. They want to say, God, will anybody anything can be a God, my car, my house, anything your job. Anything can be a God, but they try to take Jesus, because Jesus is where the bloody is, is where the ultimate sacrifice is, there's no way to heaven.
 Step through the mediator between us and Jesus and then there's God, how many of you know that in this fall, Stand Down world. He said I came to seek and save that which was lost church. I want to tell you something this morning that we are living in perilous terms, but aren't we glad that for Christian Sunday's coming alien the world that I still leaving all these things that the Lord's coming and the moment of a twinkling of an eye.
 The dead in Christ are going to rise first and then those that remain will be caught up to be with him in glory. You start telling people this and they start. Sometimes they start saying we're crazy, I work for an attic. Without I'd rather be a fanatic for Jesus Christ in the mail today for the Georgia Bulldogs and to be a fanatic over and they find this and that but church. I wanna tell you something this morning. God has been good to us. Amen. Yeah. But your life
 You look back. And we think about we had prayer this morning for people that were affected by all these storms ever. Look back over your life, it doesn't matter what kind of house you living in. If that storm like that come through Noonan is if it comes your way, only God, Amen. How many of us can sometimes my life say, oh my God.
 Got to get the Lord said because basically what he was saying in the hardest time of his life in the most desperate time of his life when he was alone and even his disciples wouldn't even pray with. Have you ever been in a place that you felt like everybody around? You was gone. Let me reassure you that the spirit of God will never leave you nor forsake you later. He was in the lowest point of his life and he said God I Surrender my wheelchair, your will because there has to be a blood sacrifice.
 Church. I want to tell you, God is good this morning a man. What is it? That I'm not going to drag it on? Maybe I was always believing I've always been told and that's the way I was brought up and when, when you, when the spirit of God has given his word, you know, some people make in the old days in the olden days. We had those tapes, you know, you'd record 30 minutes on one side now and really talk about agent, 30 minutes on the other side. If you remember those, amen? Some preachers would have to preach that entire, okay?
 Yo, it's not about how long we preach about, what we deliver and is God. Moving in that word, hallelujah. I feel aren't we? Glad that God is good? Two is, are we glad that he woke us up this morning? Aren't we glad that we can Rejoice with God? Aren't we? Glad we look around and we see our brothers and sisters, and everybody looks so so perky and it's so bright outside and all them birds are.
 Putting all that pollen is so big and we can't hardly breathe. But I'm glad that God gave us gives us Seasons after seasons.
 James was somewhat of a comedian because I have a dry sense of humor, but I think he's one he's definitely is going to be but I do know somebody that had a sister and I said, you know, you think about these Seasons then God. No. And doesn't you know that human beings are really never satisfied.
 if you don't believe that, look at it from this one perspective,
 When follow time comes. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you. Jesus, all that hot. Humid weather. I just don't know how much more of it. I could take you. Oh, I'm so glad weather is cooling down and I can and then long back Dixon and I'm just shaking all over. I can't stand the cold anymore. I can't stand the cold anymore, and then the weather starts to break and it starts to get about 70. Oh Lord, I'm just needing my head off. I'm just calming and I can't stand this pollen. Jesus, tell me the Lord don't know how we are.
 Amen. Hallelujah. My daughter. She's insane. I appreciate the word of God. That the man gave us last week, about the seasons. How many of us want to believe and trust God that we're going to a better season. I'm not talking about in the world. If we look at the world's perspective, every everything that we see no here and do we negative bad, Doom, and Gloom. I'm talking about in a spherical and I'm talking about in the middle of perilous terms, we can say the blood line is drawn around my life drawback.
 Come on around your family, draw that blood light, run around everywhere. Your foot goes draw that blind line because that's what works. Amen.
