Good morning. My name is Pastor. Otto Porter. I'm the pastor of Boswell, Chapel Baptist Church in Greensboro Georgia. I just bring you, greetings in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, who is the same yesterday today? And forever. More, I'm excited today because this is my third, pastor Pastor real anniversary. I'm excited to be a part of the
 The balls wailing and family. Amen, and balls, will Chapel Baptist Church. We just going to grow and we just won't go higher in the Lord. But own today, I just want to encourage you that that everything you do as a Christian be about Jesus Christ. It's so important that we do not lose sight on who what purpose and playing that that he has for us quickly. Let's go into word of Prayer.
 Gracious. Father, we thank you Lord. God for this opportunity lower guy to hear from you. Lord God, I pray that one guy that it be a Rhema word that it'd be a long time. World refreshing word, Lord, God, that Lord God, it will touch the hearts of your people. We understand. Lord, God. That there are some, there's some people are going through or God on this morning. Oh my god, there are some sick and shedding a little God. And although we ask you, Lord, God to heal the Land O. God, we ask you to be with their family, so I'll go
 I can Comfort them as they go through the Lord God, we understand their Sunbury family. So God in the community, we asked you to cover them all. God Comfort them right now that the family stayed together, Lord God, we just pray, Lord, God, that this world be preached, clearly that it bring Comfort to your people daddy. Bring confirmation that you're still an awesome. God that you're still a mighty God, you still a faithful God and you still loving God, in Jesus name.
 I do pray, amen. Again, I just want to encourage you on today again. I'm excited to be the pastor of balls. Will Chapel Baptist Church. It is such an honor and a humble experience. A man to lead a great people, a man but God has a word for us on this morning and it comes out of the book of Colossians.
 Yes. And this probably one of my favorite scriptures scripture when it deals with Paul encouraging, the people at collages. Well, in chapter 3, verse 23 and 24, it reads and whatever you do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not to men knowing that from the Lord you will.
 The reward of the inheritance for you, serve the Lord Christ.
 I want to talk from the thought this morning. What I want to talk to him without this morning, let it let it all. Be about Jesus. Let it all be about. Jesus, that we should let him lead her Us in everything we do for. He is the author and the finisher of our faith. Paul wrote the letter, this letter, this show. The Believers. That
 That we have everything we need and that need in Christ. Paul wrote this letter to the church on how to live and how to work as Christians. Can I be honest with you this morning that working as a Christian is not the easiest thing to do. Sometimes if you can be honest with me to that sometimes being a deacon is
 Not the easiest thing to do being a musher is not the easy. Easiest thing to do being a teacher, it's not the easiest thing to do. Being a quad member is not the easiest thing to do. And being a pastor is definitely not the easiest thing to do better. Paul gives us a blueprint and on a clear and concise as ample on how we should work.
 The text says, whatever you do.
 Whatever you do working out working with all your heart. In other words, some time as a Christian Duty it can be so demanding, it causes us. It cause the old faithfulness to fade, it causes your dedication, to dwindle, it causes your willingness to weaken. But this Duty as a
 To it, calls us some time to lose our passion to lose our Zeal, even to lose our spirit fire. Well Spirit, fire goes out. That's why I come here this morning on assignments. And tell you, whatever, you do, let it be all about Jesus. So we can lose heart on what's going on that sometimes. The best things, sometimes the things in life,
 Get sometimes, get the best of us and we have to remember as in the text whatever you do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not to me that everything you do should be all about Jesus. My first point I want to share with you this morning. Is you need to understand who you serve. You need to understand who you serving we're making progress, not Perfection. There's
 One perfect. Can I tell you? But we can make progress in knowing who Jesus is Paul. Wanted to Colossians, the Colossians Church to grow spiritually in order to advance the kingdom, work as not to get confused or distracted. You have to know what team you're playing for.
 I'm reminded of a story of a little boy. He, he was on a new basketball team and he will playing against his old team. He was on a new basketball team playing against his old team. The little boy rally got into the games and he often found himself on the bench not paying attention distracted.
 It was the last game of the season, so the coast decide to put the little boy in for a couple of seconds, the little boy began to be little more begin to dribble the ball, down the court and the entire gym. Some of those, someone was screaming, go go, what, and why others were streaming know.
 No. No. And a little boy, took a shot and scored.
 And the coat in the other players they had this look on their face and asked the little boy went over and said, hey Coke, I asked or but the coach asked him. Why did you score for the other team in the little boy reply? I forgot what team I was playing for being unaware of what team you're playing.
 And for well of the other team to get the victory, can I tell you? Dad on today, you got to know who you serving for. You can't allow the enemy to get the victory. How do you allow the devil to get the victory with Deacon? Stop serving when choir requires have singing songs when mother stopped being examples of
 The ladies when teachers stop preparing lessons, how do the devil get the victory? When intercessory Ministry, stop praying when Pastor stop studying are praying, we give the devil's a victory. Well, we give the devil the victory when we lose sight of who Jesus. Is so only this morning, you got to know who you are serving, Who You Are.
 Service for you got to understand that everything you do should be about Jesus. Ah, I want to let you know today, they're not only you need to understand who you're serving, but when you understand who you said, you need to serve unconditionally, Paul is telling the Colossians Church, they should not let anything come between them and the Lord, if you are Christian, you have
 Have to give it all. You got brothers and sisters. You need to know who you're serving. You need to know who you're serving and you should serve on conditionally. It's not about me. And that's what you have to make it. You have to say, it's not about me, but it's all about him and that's why we must give him the glory, we may never Boswell, and this is whoever is tuning in and God bless
 You never lose sight of Jesus Christ, because there's some things designed to throw us. That something is designed to take us out the race. And you have to stay focused on Jesus. Can I tell you? I already said in the beginning, of the sermon being a Christian is not the easiest thing to do, but it will be more harder that if you take your eyes off of Jesus,
 You have to serve unconditionally, it's not about me, you have to get, you have to understand. Sometimes you have to get the church early and Bambi be the last one to leave that serving unconditionally serve unconditionally is a having a worship experience and becoming more important
 Being a participant. Then a spectator that's what serving unconditionally that when you understand that, it's not about you. When you understand that, whatever you do, it's all about the glory of God, that you should give God your best. Why? Because he woke you up this morning and clothed you in your right mind? That's far enough. Should be enough. Praise right now, to give him some praise.
 Raise that what God has done for you that that some people had plan on waking up this morning, didn't wake up and you ought to thank God for this is the day that the Lord has made that you shall rejoice and be glad in it but you shouldn't be bitter because he has given you, another chance to Mercy and Grace. That's why we have to serve unconditionally.
 You have to smoke that when people make you mad, even when things don't go your way, you still have to serve unconditionally and when you still have to give your all to Christ and sometimes people would treat you like I don't know. They will twist and Shake you. It sometime people will treat you like a doorbell. They will push to see how you were.
 And sometimes people would treat you like a doormat that was step on your feelings. So you have to remind yourself that that is not about me. So what God has for me, is for me. And you have to remind yourself that he didn't bring you this far to leave. You, I need somebody to understand that you need to understand this morning who you're serving and when you know who you're serving you cancer,
 Serve unconditionally I'm simply saying regardless what I have to go through unwilling to serve Jesus and give him Mom.
 Can I tell you that would be moments where you will feel like, giving up on this journey when you are looking, you look through and say this and look back and say this, God has brought me a mighty long way. And can I tell you? It's so important that we are in position on today that we get in line that what God has for us that we don't miss out on the people. He have us to be connecting to
 Yeah, you are only Simon, you have to remind you not to be remember me - let me remind you that, that some people God has assigned to you that you supposed to be in position that you supposed to be in place to encourage them to lift them up. You supposed to be in place, to be that example. I'm trying to help somebody that you don't go, go, get so big head, don't get so full of yourself. That is digging this all about you, but God has lined up things.
 These for you to do and be in place. So, when you're out of place you miss, I don't know blesses. You might say well I'm doing good so far. Yeah, yeah, you might be but you listened, you missing out on what God has for you. When you let it become personal when you let it be about you. That's why in Colossians 20? And child Colossians chapter 3, 23, he says, and whatever you do
 I'm a Christian I'm, come on, Christian, whatever you do, do it with your whole heart as to the Lord and not to men in other way. We should have the spirit of Excellence that we should be like, listen, I whatever I'm doing. I'm not doing the police you Pastor? I'm not doing it that power. Please. You the Usher the Deacon, but I'm doing it unto the Lord for, I understand that if I do it for him. So when I look at me and mess up, I can still
 Be able to not be thrown. I can still be able to good kareo for, I can pray for them for. I understand that God has me in the position that I can be a Steal of Force that I can make a difference in someone like so often we give up because we see other people fall to the Wayside and we base our relationship with God because
 If somebody else Misfortune, no, you supposed to have a relationship with Jesus Christ. You listen, you're the one who kept you, don't want you saying that, that you going to pick up your cross and deny yourself and follow Jesus. You said that.
 But it's so important that you don't lose sight on the ministry that God has for you. Yes, you have a Ministry inside of you. You have a gift inside of you but you will never know what it is until you continue to seek God. And when you see God, you'll be able to be great. How you can be great by seeking God because he say, anybody who wants to be great, let them become a servant.
 First. You gotta know who you serve. Exactly. Once you realize your servant easy. You must serve unconditional. I don't care what? Come your way. You got this steel stand up bowling for God, for he been so good.
 But not only that, you need to understand who you're serving, but sir, if I'm conditioning, but I want to remind you this morning. There are some bonus for your service. Oh, I don't know about you, but there's a bonus for your service. Yeah, you gave. You probably receive a stimulus. Check and listen. You didn't have to serve to get that bonus. But can I tell you, God, got something way more bigger than the stimulus check.
 I just want you to understand something this morning, Dad God is able to blow your mind. He could do a ceiling abundantly more, you can think or ask the more than you can even imagine.
 But you have to be in position.
 And you have to understand that God has purpose for your life. Somebody out of even just say it's not about me, you are driving type that right there. It's not about me, it's all about Jesus. You are the mean that when you said it's not about me cuz I'm going to serve God Faithfully. Even if things don't go my way, I'm going to still continue to serve him so he been too good for them to me to let go.
 That's a bonus for your service but look what it says in verse number 20, for our Chapter 3 of collages knowing that from the Lord, you will receive the reward of they Heritage for you sir. The Lord Christ, y'all got to understand who you're serving your serving the lord
 And when you serve the Lord, that's when you can serve people. Uh-oh, gotta catch that. Y'all gotta catch that receiving your inheritance shows. You're connecting to someone that has something worth giving that God has something worth. Giving to receive inheritance shows, you are connected to someone that has something worth giving also shows.
 You are worthy of that gift.
 I want to be worthy of that gift. Paul wanted the church in Colossians to know. If you continue to work for the Lord, the work. The Lord is going to hook you up. If you continue to work on it all and I cannot tell you it's not always gonna be easy, it's not always going to be what you wanted to be. Remember I said at the beginning of the sermon being a Christian is not the easiest thing to do. But if you relax
 On the love of God. If you rely on who Jesus don't work of Jesus Christ on the cross, you were there, understand that he got something in store for me that he's all over me and keeping me alive.
 Paul is simply saying that your labor is not in vain.
 Your name might not be in lights, your name may not be on a plaque or certificate or given to you for your service. You might never. It might never be the way you want it to be. Maybe listen to me that you may never get a pat on the back or banquet in your in your honor. But I want you to
 I want to encourage you to keep working for the Lord, keep working for the Lord, and do not lose sight on who he is for, I rather have the reward from the Savior, then the recognition from the Saints, probably catch that. I rather have the reward from the Savior, then the recognition from the Saints for. I understand that God has great things.
 In store for me that if I stay in line with him that I have, I recognized who I'm serving the most high God and I began to still serve unconditionally. No matter what's going on around me? No matter what, it's going in the ministry. The app has to still come. I have to still serve unconditionally and for that is our bonus for my service for one day, I just believe he's going to call me.
 To Glory, I just believe one day that he has prepared a place for me where there's no more dying, no, more crying, no more pain than listen. Listen, no more bad news. Can I tell you that? God has an inheritance for us, but I just believe he has great things for us before he called us to glory to that, he's able to do exceedingly. Abundantly above all more than we can think.
 Our ass. You just have to believe that for yourself, but you have to remember do not lose sight of what's going on around you for we as Christians should walk by faith. Not by sight do not let what's goes on around you stop what God has for you.
 Whatever you do.
 Do it.
 To the glory of God, do it for the glory of Jesus. For God, gave His only begotten son, who home bled and died and Rose with all power. That saving power that Deliverance, power that healing power. Listen, he can do it for you. I'm a living witness that God. He Keeps On Doing Great Things that if we begin to do what God says the Lord listen.
 We will begin to make progress, not Perfection, that God will honor that that. Well the Bible tells us and whatever we do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not to me. Well, if you got to please, man, you already lost the battle. So we should be not men Pleasers but we should be a god-pleasing. And so can I tell you all today?
 That God tells us that knowing that from the Lord, you will receive the reward of the inheritance for your for you serve the Lord Christ. Remember that that you serve the Lord Christ for he listened, he have great things for us and he's about to take you higher. He's about to take you higher in your ministry. He's about to take to hire everything around. You is going to win.
 For, I believe this is your winning season, but you have to be connected with Jesus and do not lose sight when things get rough.
 Sir know who you serve serve unconditionally. But not only that, there's a bonus for your service. I just pray that something was said on today, I offer Christ to you today. That is, he says in his word, anybody that calls on the name of Jesus shall be saved for God, gave for God, so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son.
 Whosoever, no matter who you are, no matter what you've done, no matter what you have, what you, how you living now, but whosoever, believe shall not perish, but have everlasting life. We just need to believe in Jesus, and you are Heaven bound, but he has called us to live a certain way that we should live as our past. But we would be
 Come new creatures.
 So I just pray that something was said on today that they help you on your journey that don't lose sight. Keep on serving for serving the lord will pay off. After a while. God bless you. My Heavens smile upon you.
