Good morning. My name is faster. Off the porter. I'm the pastor Boswell, Chapel Baptist Church in Greensboro Georgia. I'm excited to bring you a word today, and I hope all is well with you quickly. I just want to encourage you on today. Sometimes you get rough. Sometimes you get hard, but God he's in control and he loves you more beyond measure, only thing. He calls us to do, just to trust him and leaned I to our own
 understanding and you try to figure out things on our own, but quickly that's going to a word of prayer gracious. Father, we thank you, Lord. God for this opportunity to give your name to praise the glory and all the honor. We thank you. Lord, God for things as well as they are. Lord God, we understand that there are people who are going through on today for God and they need your powers or God. They need to rest, or God, give them rest. Lord God give them. Peace, law. God, give them
 God. Do I write now? Give them healing in their body. The woke up, we believe though God that you can heal the landlord God, whatever they dealing with. So we just pray, Lord going today. That this word be our own time word or Rhema word. Lord, God refreshing word. Lord God to help someone on their Journey, though. God to remind them that will God that you're still an awesome, God, that you are Mighty God. And we say this prayer in Jesus name. Amen? Again, I'm excited today to just bring
 Bring an encouraging word, it would be coming from the book of Isaiah. Isaiah, the fortieth chapter a man is so familiar text chapter 40 verses, 28 through 31 and so often that we hate to wait. Amen. But God has called us some things. We have to wait on, Amen? And we can be impatient, but God calls us to be more patient.
 Amen. For there is one of the fruit of the spirit that we must have long-suffering. Amen. And look what he says. In Isaiah the twenty-eighth chapter under the 40, the fortieth chapter XXVIII verse to the 31st verse, it says, have you not known? Have you not heard the Everlasting? God, the Lord. The creator of the ends of the Earth. Neither Faith nor is
 Here, his understanding is unsearchable. He gives power to the weak and to those who have no might he increases strength. Even the youths, shall faint, and be weary and the young men shall utterly fall. But those who wait on the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall Mount up with wings like eagles, they shall run and not be
 Be weary they shall walk and not faint. Amen. I'm just want to talk from the thought, waiting with expectation. Waiting with expectation. It's so important that we learn to wait on the Lord that we live in a society that everything is instantly. Everything is quick, you order something, you can get it in one or two days back. Can I tell you? I really don't like to wait in line.
 I don't like to wait on a package. Listen II, awaiting is something II have to work or work on but God even to our prayers, cause us to wait, amen. That sometimes we might not get an instant breakthrough. So what God tells us in the midst of our waiting that we still should serve, we still should give God the glory we should still continue to lie.
 Live as God has called us to live but we'll find in today's text. Isaiah is the author. And Isaiah means god is salvation in the Old Testament. Salvation is different from the New Testament. Salvation Old Testament, salvation deals with deliverance from danger from enemies. But Old Testament, it were what you call more physical. But New Testaments have
 Said, it's more of a spiritual sense. It's emphasized on being delivered from Eternal separation. But here's what we call today. This, this salvation got God wants us to be delivered. Amen, he wants to Deliver Us from whatever is going on in our lives, but I know someone is looking today and saying that you never been where you did.
 Supposed to be that I might not be talking to you, I know that but some people here that looking own virtual and saying that they always made the right decision. But can I tell you about, how you ever, huh being where you did supposed to be? That's it, that's something should have broken off. You have left the club just in time. And as soon as you left the club, yeah, begin to fight me.
 To break out, someone got shot and and and, and you left just in time. That's, that's Old Testament, salvation. That's Old Testament salvation. Where God will come and rescue, you, and deliver you from certain situation. But in the text today, the people of God was in captivity. Yeah, the Bible say they were in captivity for 70 years because they didn't listen to
 God. So authors that when we don't listen to God, things begin to happen in our lives that we try to figure it out. We try to work it out. We try to do it in our own strength but we are finding that God want us to totally rely on him.
 The people God now because of that disobedient, there was in captivity because they didn't listen to God and let us consider for a moment. Could it be as we look at our own life and find ourself in certain places? We didn't think we were going to be in for a long time. Could it be the reason that we are still down because we didn't listen to God. Why? Why one baby, why are you are at
 In what situation going on in your life. Is because of the fact, you probably didn't listen to God. If you don't think, sometimes we have to live with the consequences of our choices for a long time, then ask someone who have a child with somebody. They don't like, oh, I just ask somebody. Huh? That have a child with somebody, they don't like, don't you?
 That you can't live with the consequences of your choices for a long time. There's my happy dance from people who have hooked up with some people who just supposed to have been a season thing, but have made things permanent and they can't stand them now because we have did some things that was not according to God, but we did it on our own selfish ways. If you don't think you have to live with consequences of your choices for a
 Time. Ask somebody that married some as someone that marries somebody.
 That they didn't supposed to marry that that now they they find themselves struggling. They find themselves that they already have that backpack but they haven't left yet. That there's some people are in relationship. They don't supposed to be in, but they find themselves and made a bad choice and they living out the consequences for a long time. If you don't think you can live with consequences of
 Trust it for a long time as somebody who had money, but didn't spend it wisely and now they're suffering. They trying to recoup but they can't get it back. Yeah, the decisions. The choices we make it happen. Can have a lasting effect. So that's why we have to be careful in the decisions we make. I want to let you know today.
 That the first 39 chapter of Isaiah was Isaiah, was reading to tell. If you just listen to God,
 You wouldn't have been in captivity and it's kind of help somebody today. If you just listen to God, if save you a lot of pain, it save you. A lot of Anguish, it will save you a lot of confused. If you just listen to God that, that the decision you make. Now it's so important that it can cause you to be stuck with someone. You don't even smoke to be with you.
 Just one minute season. I think now, you they're permanent.
 Hm.
 because,
 We have made some bad decisions. It's easy to say the devil did it or somebody else calls me to be this way.
 I believe there are times and I'll pass we have heard a little voice but we are knowing it and we choose to do what we want to do.
 And now we're living with the consequences. Some people were again just seasonal but we made permanent a little horse said you don't need him. A little voice said you don't need her. That little voice said that night, stay at home. Don't spend your money huh. A rainy day is coming.
 But will find that God always gives us a way to escape, but it is up to us to take this cape that that little voice you were here. It wasn't that but the Holy Spirit trying to tell you it's going to cause you pain that plagues are going to cost you. Hmm. It's going to cost you so much more
 But in the text of chapter 40, God is so faithful. Even though we mess up, he will never leave you or he would never leave us nor forsake us. Can I tell you? And verse number 28, look what it says. It says, in chapter 47. Verse number, 20 chapter 40 of Isaiah. It says, have you not known? Have you not heard?
 The Everlasting God. The Lord. Can I tell you? It's good to know who God is. It is good to know that trouble. Don't last always. It is so important that you don't lose sight of who God is for. God didn't bring you this far to leave you. But listen, I want you to understand God is Not mocked. Whatever a man. So that way it he shall reap. You do not get away with anything the
 This is up today, we're so important that we will cause the consequences of tomorrow, and here's God saying, have you not heard? Have you not heard as I say, have you not heard? Have you have, you not known that everlasting God, the Lord, the creator of the ends of the Earth neither sinks nor is weary. Oh man, what an awesome God.
 He's so awesome that we ought to know that he's a everlasting. God, we all to know that we are only here for a period of time, but he lives ah Everlasting, he's Everlasting that that that we are only here for a brief moment but we serve a God that was here for he is time and before time for he's the author and the finisher of our faith.
 That is so important that you know today that who God is to you that who's God to you and your life we can. So often blame other people why we turn out the way we are? We often blame people why the decision we made, why we turn out the way we turn out, but in reality that these are the choices you made but God is so faithful.
 He's so faithful y'all. He said, he'll forgive you of all your sins and cleanse, you of all unrighteousness. So it doesn't matter what you have done this day. You have to know, God for yourself. You have to know God for yourself or we are still in a pandemic and we can get comfortable and doing nothing. We can still be blessed and still, miss out on the move of God for, we still believe since everything is okay.
 The god gets the minimum but everybody else gets the maximum but it shouldn't be that way. We should give God our best. For here's Isaiah said, have you not known? Have you not heard the Everlasting? God, he's the Creator. But can I tell you more? People worship the blessings more than the blesser most people? Let me catch it. I want you to catch this most people.
 Worship the blessings, more than the blesser.
 He's the Creator for will find that.
 His understanding is unsearchable. He knows everything. Until the Bible said, darkness is like to God, he sees what you do, you don't, he's an all-knowing. God, you we don't get away with anything so it's good to know. Dad God for yourself for in verse number 29. He says he gives power.
 To the weak. Can I help somebody today that every now and then we get weep, listen, nobody comes to church every Sunday with all strength. Sometimes we come with a little bit of weakness and we need a little help. Can I help somebody today? Why do we get wheat? Because we try to take on too much and trying to do too much.
 We'll worry about these. We're trying to figure out how this going to happen, how we going to do this. But the Bible tells us that we should cast all our cares, upon God for, he careth for us for that. This battle is not yours. I'm reminded that. And second Chronicles chapter, 20 dinner with Kim.
 Jehoshaphat in verse number 17 he said something so profound that God was through there, through God speaking through the people through his pocket, this what God said to them. And I want to share this with you this morning. It says this in second Chronicles chapter, 20 verse 17, you will not need to fight in this battle.
 You will not need to fight in this battle. He says position yourself.
 Stand still and see the salvation of the lord. I want you to know brothers and sisters on this morning, you will not need to fight in this bag. Only thing you have to do is position Yourself and Stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord. So often we trying to fight in the Bible. But the verse 15 accept and second Chronicles chapter 20 and tells me the battle is not yours but it
 Lower that. So often we try to take the place of God, we try to work it out. And can I tell you, God wants you to seek Him in everything, for he give power to the week, but not only that, he says into those who have no power that those who have no might he increases strength only thing. One God only thing I wanted to do on this morning for y'all. It's for you to just trust him.
 That have that relationship with him what more God has to do to prove that, he's a good guy that he's a faithful God. What what more God has to prove to you that he's on your side. What more you have to do to show you that he loves you.
 Wow.
 We'll find that he gives people. He's God will give power to the week. Why are you acting like you strong? Why are you acting like? He stole God will give power to the week.
 Some people are weak as water and they still won't give it to God, but God is so faithful. Y'all listen, I'm reminded that we spend a lot of time trying to tell everybody how to be strong when we don't know that we get our power.
 From the Lord. We get, we always try to tell people what to do and how to overcome situation. If I were you, I would do this. But can I tell you? You got to give that thing to God. For God is so awesome that that sometimes we get weak, sometimes we feel like, is it all worth it? But God gives power. Hmm.
 To the week, stop pretending that you got it all together. It doesn't impress me. I want somebody to say that I ain't got it together. II know. I need the Lord help. That's when God can use. You win? When you're poor in spirit. That that you feel that though? I can't do this but without you. Hmm, what an awesome God, we serve
 Let me tell you what strength is when you say, father, I stretch my hands to the no other help. I know if you withdraw your hands from me. Where should I go? But we
 Want to go around and say like, hey, I'm blessed and highly favored. No, no, no, I need your help. Lord God, I know bless how to say, but I know that some things, some errors in my life and that I cannot do it on my own, I need you to strip them in. I need to be stronger than God for you for. This is throwing me. This is getting the best of me every time I see him. I just shake my head. Every time I look at my it doesn't make sense to me. And every time I said, I wanted this.
 Welcome. I know they were wrong.
 You wait, but God said I give you power. He said I'm not going to change your situation but I changed you in your situation which people used to mess you up. When you are shaking your head you said God bless them. Anyway God do it for me. Anyway, God has a way of changing the way. We see things the way it says in the Bible that
 In chapter number, 40, verse number 30, it says, even the youth shall faint and be weary.
 In the young, Misha early fall, man listen. Listen remember, being young? Even the youth, get tired. Even at full strength, you can get weird, even if you have all your, you can get weary. But the Bible says in Galatians 6 and 9, it says, and let us not be weary and we're doing for in due season.
 We shall reap. If we faint not.
 Don't give up guys so much for you. I am not time. I materialistic stuff because I need peace. Y'all II need your, I need healing in my body and I don't know about you but I need something from the Lord more than a car. A house material. Well II need that. Peace that passes all understanding. I don't know about you. It'd be nice to have the bill paid back. Can I tell you? It never like piece.
 Going to a job, have peace. Some people when they go to their job, their don't have, they don't do. They do not have peace. When some time with some people walk into their house, they don't have peace. I don't know about you, but I need the Everlasting peace of God. For one thing about God, the door that the Lord has give us the word and give it to us, and the world can't take it away. So, I need his peace and his joy, and his healing more than anything.
 for I realize that God is able to do some things the way he says he says
 In verse 31 but those who wait on the Lord. Here we go. Now here we go to wait means to stay where you want is to. Wait means to stay. Where one is mean it that you just position yourself and you just keep on trusting God, I know you prayed about it. I know you ask other people to pray about it but you just stay there and position yourself.
 Listen. Listen. Listen stand still well how you stood by Serve by little, but I'd still trusting God and it is. See that God will move on your behalf. You might be saying, well, I've been praying the prayer for pastor for years. Hey, it ain't over to God says is. Okay, just continue to trust him for. God, will do it for you. And can I tell you on today? He can renew your strength for. He said, if you're waiting on the Lord and he said now,
 Only your weight but you wait with anticipation. This is a strong believe that something will happen and can I help somebody when you come to God, you got to believe something going to happen. You just can't just pray and sit and don't sit down on it. But you have to pray and say God, I know you're able you did it for me back in 1989. You got to go way back. You did it for me and 91 you get got to call that thing like India. You will you deliver me when I was going through your pay, you
 I have money. My money, got funny and you made a way you got to remember what God has done for you and you have to anticipate the I know that you're able to do it for. There's nothing too hard for you God. So I'm just trusting you in the midst of everything that's going on he says huh. But those who wait on the Lord whoo-hoo he just tell you the weight. I know you don't want to wait. I know you hate waiting. I've nobody God is saying today. If
 You just wait on me, not. That's like never before that. God can move on your behalf like never before he said, but this requires you to wait, this requires you to have patients that that I know that you want, instant relief. But he says that God says. But if you wait, he said he shall renew you. He said, he shall renew your strength. I don't know about you that I need my strength, renewed daily.
 He says this shrimp, you'll be like a eagle. He said it shall Mount up with wings like an eagle and I don't know about you, but you are able to soar over your problems. You'll be able to soar over your situation. You'll be able to soar over anything that comes in. It comes your way because you'll be leaving, listen toys, you had your head towards the sky, you had your head towards the heels before which cometh your help for the if you continue to
 To lift up your head that you can soar over in situation. If you continue to look toward God, you can sew over any situation that comes your way for. He's able to renew your spirit. He able to renew your mind that he begins to tell us that. Now, I know they've done you wrong. I know it looks bad, but you are able to handle it. You're able to go through it because God has renewed your spirit need. You can be like the songwriter. I feel
 Like going on, huh? I don't know about you, but I feel like going on for. I serve a God. That can renew me, huh? He can do a new thing in me, huh? I don't know about you, huh? People might have counted you out, but God is doing a new thing at you and you ought to praise him right there, huh. If God is doing a new thing, you do in your life, you ought to give him glory. What you used to do, you find yourself not doing what used to throw you. You're not finding yourself thrown for God has renewed your
 Have a renewed strength means I can mount up with wings like an eagle. In other words, the weeds caused me to rise above situation, above people and things of my past that some people are trapped in their past. Some people are dealing with stuff that that Linda passed, get the best of them. They still or any new season, but they haven't. But they have brought in Old baggage that, and they can't recognize their in the new season because their past. Whoa.
 The past are still holding them, but God is saying this morning that he's doing a new thing in your life. Only thing you have to do is just trust him for the fact that he's doing, he's doing a new thing. You only thing, he said that's trust him in the midst of your situation. Here's his Isaiah, telling the people that God gonna renew you are you are in a bad situation. Now you ain't captivity but God is going to renew.
 Anu your strength, I don't know about you. That is good news because he began to say he shall renew their strength. They shall Mount up with wings like eagles, they shall run and not be weary. I don't know about you but I think I went on and see what the end going to be. I've been on this journey too long to give up now, but I'm online on and see what the end don't be. Hit anybody with me to this morning that you're going to run on.
 Is see what the end is going to be. He said we got to not only one and I will be able to run and not be weary but he says they shall walk and not Faith. Whoo. Can I tell somebody you might not be able to run, but you've been able to walk in love, you'll be able to walk in Victory. You will be able to walk enjoy, you'll be able to walk in peace. You'll be able to stand still and know that the Lord is on your side. That that
 When you walk that something begins to happen when you move forward, something begins to happen. It remind me of those ten lepers that that when they begin to walk to the priest, they begin to be healed. When you begin to walk in the things of God, God are beginning to drop some things off. You are beginning to drop those burdens off. You, I don't know about you. What an awesome God, we serve that. He's able to deliver you. From any situation that this is the day, the Lord has made and ice.
 That we Joyce and be glad in for, he's able to renew me. Have you not heard? Have you not know who God is? He's the Everlasting God. I don't know about you, but God is about to turn that thing around. He's about to renew your spirit, he's about to do a new thing in your family that if you just trust him in this word today and wait with anticipation, knowing that God is gonna do it for you. I'm excited today because I'm expecting great things for God. He has not he's not finished with me yet.
 He's not finished with you but you have to have the spirit of expectation knowing that God is able. You got to learn to walk by faith and not by sight. I know it look rough. I know I look rough around you but but listen. Listen, don't let that get the best of you through some of our God is bigger than that. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, and let us make his name be great. So, I know that he's bigger than any situation that you can make it that he's bigger than cancer. He's bigger than diabetes, he bit.
 This hyper person, he's bigger than anything that you're dealing with that. He's able to renew your spirit for God. So loved the world. He gave his only begotten son, who humbly died.
 But rolls with all power that saving power. That healing power that Deliverance power. Listen, it get rough sometimes y'all and we get weak. But God, give us power that you think that you can't overcome that, you need somebody that you need what you need? You need that cigarette. You do need that we do. Need that alcohol. You, you need that, man. You need them.
 It feel like you cannot live without certain things.
 But God said, I give you power today to overcome anything. He said, listen, you got to seek me first in everything you do.
 Not your bestie. God wants you totally complete. He want to totally, he won't all of you. Not some of you, he don't want no High, Praise.
 You don't know how half a prayer garden. Thank you again. He won't you totally surrender to him.
 For God says I can renew your strength today.
 I'm able to do it.
 But you have to have the relation ship, you must realize who God is, you must recognize who God is for. God is able to do everything, but fail.
 May have a smile upon you, and I just pray that something was said on this morning to help you on your journey for those who, wait, on the Lord.
 Shall renew their strength.
 Be renewed on today by the love of God knowing that he's with you. It get rough sometimes y'all but we got to trust God for nothing catches God by surprise in Jesus name. I do. Pray that he keeps you. That he covers you that he smiles upon you today. God bless you may have a smile upon you.
