Good morning. My name is Pastor. Otto Porter. I'm the pastor of Boswell, Chapel Baptist Church in Greensboro, Georgia. I bring you. Greetings from our Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ. I just want to encourage you on today. So often we miss out on what God sees in us for he has a great plan and purpose for our lives. So I just want to encourage you on today through the book of Jeremiah chapter 20 and how sometimes
 Times. We feel like giving up but let's go into a word of prayer gracious. Father, we thank you, Lord God for another Day's Journey for. This is the day, the Lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it. I thank you Lord God for this opportunity. Lord God to share your word, share the gospel, the good news, Lord God to the people or God that there might be. Someone is going through and feel like giving up, Lord God, that trials and tribulations and problems of this world have gotten the best of them. Lord.
 But I ask you to give them a renewal of the spirit right now. I pray for those who are sick, Lord God, who are going through and I just pray that you heal their land or God that you give them rest on every side. Lord God. So I just pray, Lord God, that this word be preached. Clearly, that it brings come formation or God that you're still out. Awesome God. Wonderful God. A faithful God, they bring Comfort to your people.
 Now, open our eyes. So we may see the wonderful things in your word that we can apply it to our lives. In Jesus name, I do pray, amen. Jeremiah Jeremiah chapter 20 verse number 9, Jeremiah chapter 20 verse number 9. Then I said, I will not make mention of him nor speak.
 Any more of his name but his word was in my heart like a burning fire, like a burning fire, shut up in my bones. I was weary of holding it back and I could not. I I wanted to talk from the thought this morning fired up or burnout fired up a burnout often
 Sometimes we find ourselves. We really have been out of the will of God, where we lose our Zeal, we lose our excitement about serving God, and sometimes we feel like giving up. Here's Jeremiah. Even at the beginning of the ministry, we find out in chapter 1 of Jeremiah that God called Jeremiah.
 To do a mighty work for he. What he said in verse number 4, Jeremiah chapter 1. He said then the word of the Lord came to me saying before I formed you in the womb, I knew you, I'm here to let you know this morning that God knows you before you even formed in your mother's womb, that God had a plan and a purpose for your life. God knows your name. And can I tell you? You're just not here by some coincidence, that that do.
 Life has meaning when it comes to God, that he has set you on a path that we must walk. So often, we feel that we're not Purpose Driven that we have no purpose in life, but if you see God, you'll find that you have purple. He said he tells Jeremiah before you was formed in your mother's womb. I knew you, I can't who you were. He says before you were born, he said.
 A i sanctify to sanctify me. I sent you a part to do a mighty work. God has set us apart to do a mighty work on this morning. And so often what we, what God have Intel for us. We often forfeit on it that most people don't know that God has a plan and a purpose for their life. He tells Jeremiah, I know you, I know you, I call you. He said this way you say,
 Our dang, you a prophet to Nation. Can I tell you on this morning? Dad just give you a background of Jeremiah in the first chapter and we going to get back to chapter 20. But that that Jeremiah was qualified. God has gained Jeremiah assignment. He said I ordained you
 A prophet to the nation's he says, in other words I qualified you Jeremiah I quantify a job and they said listen, whoever missing on this morning, he God is saying you a qualified to go through what you're going through that it had to happen. Whatever. Going through your life, whatever happened in your life, you was qualified forward. And I'm so happy that this morning that God is going to disqualify me to do many things and that not only
 We often when God gives of a purpose, often says we make excuses.
 Here's Jeremiah in verse number, 6 of chapter 1, he says I Lord God behold I cannot speak for. I met you at this time. Jeremiah Was Young. He was a young man. He comes up with an excuse and God, I know you call. I know you for me. I know you knew me. I know you qualify Me by, I can't do this. I can't do this. There's this. I'm too young and so often we come up with excuses of not serving God, I'm too tired.
 Let somebody else do it. So often we say I can't speak in front of people but look what God tells, Jeremiah, everything chapter 1 of Jeremiah verse number self, but the Lord said to me do not say I am young for I for you shall go to all to whom I seen you if we just have a desk that's just just a notion to just believe.
 Even God. And ingest. Do what? He just tell us to do. Oh listen, listen, this is something we'll begin to happen and we begin to activate our faith for he says, and whatever I command you, you shall speak. And the way he tells me, he tells Jeremiah. He said, do not be afraid of their faces. That's going to be some things on this journey, where people are gonna look at you strange, where people are going to turn their nose up.
 Up on you while people are going to turn their backs on you when they're gonna look at you. Like you're crazy when you start talking about this God. But but look what God tells Jeremiah and where he's telling us this morning, do not be afraid of their faces, find with you to deliver. You says, the Lord, God is saying that he's with us this morning.
 That he's with us, no matter what it is. Jeremiah saying to the Lord, I really don't want to do this and God begins to move on him to be a prophet. He begin to prophesize and and the more he speaks, the more God shows him his gift and the more he is the enemy comes after him. Can I tell you on today, that
 As you begin to serve God, you will have enemies coming after you, you are have some naysayers coming after you, but here's Jeremiah, he begins to trust God and he begins to move in a way that God can use them, and the more God move at the more Jeremiah move, the more God shows him his gift. But now we in chapter 20 in Jeremiah is
 I'm sorry in chapter 19 in Jeremiah it's giving a Simon. Now, he's in the middle of his ministry and it seemed now that everything by now. Should he should have down packing? No problems by all of a sudden. He is faced with a situation for in verse number. And chapter number 19, will find that Jeremiah in verse number chapter that I'm in chapter number 19.
 We'll find that Jeremiah begin to have an assignment from God, chapter 19, verses 14 and 15. It says in Jeremiah came from to affect where the Lord has sent him to prophesy and he stood in the court of the Lord house and said, to all the people thus says, the Lord of hosts, the god of Israel behold. I will bring or this city and all
 And all her tie-downs, all the Doom that I have pronounced against it because they have stiffened their necks. That's, they might not hear my words. He is Jeremiah and Jeremiah had assignment to tell the people to repent, turn back to God, but they were so rebellious. That was so bad.
 He was so passionate about the people and he began to see how these people were turned only loving God. And he will often weep and telling the people to repent and they would not, they will not change the heart. So now he's, he's declaring Doom that that these people because of that diesel beating and that God was going to have enemy that come in and take them in captivity for a 70 years. And and here
 Here he is faced in chapter 19, just going with the says the Lord and find himself in a bad situation because in the beginning of chapter 20 we are see now par sure the song of Elmer the priest who was also chief governor in the house of the Lord. Here's Jeremiah prophesied these things.
 I'm not a priest. Now he is Jeremiah prophesied, these things of Doom and then pashur struck, Jeremiah the prophet and put him in the stop. He put him in down. That were that were in the high Gates of Benjamin, which was the house of the Lord. Here's, here's Jeff might just do. What does says the Lord? He gets drunk. He get hit by
 Hello Kris. But they began to believe that he was lying that he would came a false prophet, but here's this man a pasture. Uh-huh. Hell. I Office of the chief Priests of the house of the Lord in the temple. Now, Pastor was in position because of birth, Jeremiah was in position because of a column. Woman were born in place. Another man was born out of place Pastor. I was appointed.
 According to the virtue of birth, which means he comes into a job. Check this out, without spiritual awareness, that a lot of people coming to a job without spiritual awareness. But Pasha is place because he is appointed. Jeremiah is place because he's anointed, anointed means or anointing is a bird. A bird and removal.
 Move removing a Yelp braking power of God. In other words, anointing is what empowers a man, or a woman to function? Supernaturally can I help somebody on today? When somebody is Anointed, that means they're empowered by God, to do some miraculous things that they could not do in their own power. But here Jeremiah
 One is appointed. And another one is Anointed and at this point, Jeremiah is a first man in a second position. He's the first man in a second position. Here's dare Maya preaching, only telling the people wet that says the law, But Here Comes This Profit just because in position, begin to shed old Jeremiah
 But can I tell you? It has to be flush training to serve God and does do, and do, and do everything. That is right is still have trouble to come up in Jeremiah, was in a terrible situation because you have to understand that he did but thus says the Lord. But you got to understand this
 and it just reminds me of David and King, Saul, David was anointed by God to be made King. But Saul was still the king. You have to learn to work with folks who are not anointed but how the position you got to watch who you hang out with because appointed folks, or easy target for the devil to hinder. I know it t folks.
 it is, here he is, thrown into prison, he is smacked and whip and is trying to understand
 It. Now, he's disapprove, he's opposed by an appointed over anointed. He is Jeremiah sad in this hard one day, it hurt him so bad. Y'all that, that listen, it's told him so far, here's Jeremiah, is verse. Number 7 of chapter XX saying O Lord, you will deceive me. You induce me I was
 Persuaded, I want to see you are stronger than I and I have proof and have Prevail. I am a mock daily. Everyone mocks me for when I smoke and cry it out and shouted, violent and plunder or destruction, Lord, that people were going against me. And I did what you told me to do, but it seems like everything is going.
 It's me.
 Here's God.
 Being God, letting us know that we can't have it. Good. All the time that that you have to understand that somebody right now this morning thought that by now, everything will be. Alright, that you everything will be moving in the direction you thought it was supposed to be because you are serving God, that that by now, that things should begin better by. Now that you believe,
 That people should be lining up with you and following you by now. But back now it seemed like the more you serve God the more you serve God, it seemed like that. One. Troubles shows up the Greater. The afflictions seemed like the great anointing, the greater the Affliction. And can I tell you? Here's Jeremiah, he's confused, y'all, he's well, he's too important where he doesn't understand what's going on and then
 It's often the questions that I often have that God. Let me see what you see in me first though, often, we do not see what God has for us. So often we do not see what God has doing, what it's going in our life, huh? We only see trouble on every side but here's Jeremiah. He just like you and me just human, he's like to the point where it seems like he's not making a
 On this journey. So he began to believe that every day he preached that that that that's insult, that's mockery and that's right attitude because of what he stands for and he began to say I wouldn't I will not make mention of him. No more. He's that some people say I'm not gonna do this no more. That I'm going to throw in the towel that I'm tired of serving. I'm tired of doing, right? And
 Nothing seemed to result everywhere. I look around at people perfect. Perfect claim to be Christians and but they live in any kind of way that they don't treat people like they're supposed to. I'm tired of trying to be the bigger person that now I'm tired of trying to deserve it. I see no results that it seems like I'm the only one serving God. It seem like I'm the only one really trying to live for you. Everybody else suggests in position.
 That has no spiritual awareness.
 Here's oh Jeremiah you say I quit? I just quit. I had enough. Have anybody ever been that way? You just feel like you quit you. Let people get on your nerves you. Let people get the best of you and you just quit on God. Have anybody ever? Quit on God because of people, and you ever looked at somebody life who profess to be a Christian and then turn around say that's why I'm going to church because of dim. But
 I tell you all the gay, my brothers and sisters. It has nothing to do with people, but it has everything to do with your relationship between you and God. It's between you and God, not between you people that you see, Professor be somebody because they hold the position, anybody can say who they are. But can I tell you, is something about being anointed by God.
 That God empowers you to do some great but here's Jeremiah, he's burned out y'all and also often that Kristen get burned out because of what's going on around them that they missed the mall because they do not see the move of God in their life. Because everybody thinks once you become a Christian, that things will get better and better and that that gas not do I. God is trying to get you to understand that he said, no matter
 We don't get any better. It doesn't matter if it get better from this point. Oh yes, trust me. Not lean to your own understanding but in all your ways are not as me that somebody here today, you've been struggling, you've been drifting, you've been being Carried Away by a situation slowly. You stop serving slowly. You'll stop praying slowly. You'll stop doing with the things of the Lord. Now you find yourself custom / using profanity like never before now you
 Find yourself doing things that you used to do before you met God, now you find yourself. I don't know will of God because you have drift away from his love and he is dare Maya. Say I quit.
 How about that? And some people have quit doing this pandemic that have quit.
 It God is still blessing them. They still quit y'all. I mean God look at what Jeremiah say this. I know this anointing is real when I tried to quit the Fire won't let me when I quit. When I tried to quit, I guess could throw in the towel. Why? I know they got on my nerves. I know they got the best of me. But God, I want to quit.
 Juice something inside of me, telling me to go ahead, or somebody need to hear that this morning that you need to go ahead. Now, you need to keep on moving for for Jeremiah said. Then I will not make mention of him nor speak any more of his name that I would not even use the word of God. But look, what begins to happen in verse number 9 of chapter XX, but his word was in my heart old out.
 I got to catch that when the word of God is in your heart, in your heart. You just can't treat people any kind of way when the word of God is in your heart. You just can't live any kind of way when the word of God is in your heart. You just can't quit on God so easily but this is like fire shut up in your bones. I don't know. But you gotta listen that bibbity times. I wanted to throw in the towel that been plenty of times. I wanted to quit, but it's something about the name of Jesus.
 There's power in the name of Jesus and he is Jeremiah who came up in chapter 1 when excuses. God said, I will be with you to deliver. You can take this out. Jeremiah says,
 Chapter 20 verse number 9 but his word was in my in my heart like a burning fire. Shut up in my bones. Woo.
 I was weary of holding it back and I could not. He said, listen, I could I could not, I can't I can't, I can't, I can't quit them. But look what he says in verse number 11 and I'm almost done in verse number 11, he says. But the Lord is with me as a mighty. Oh, awesome. 100. We serve a god, that is
 Mighty. He's a mighty all someone there for my persecutors will stumble and will not Prevail. They will be greatly ashamed for day will not Prosper. That Everlasting confusion would never be forgotten. Can I help you on today? That we serve a mighty all someone that will fight our battles that will fight our situations that only thing he
 Says that the battle is not yours but it's the Lord that if we continue to trust God in spite of what's going on in our life that. Yeah, that would be times where we feel like giving up. Yeah, that would be times where we feel like throwing in the towel, but we have to remember it's in our heart to serve the Lord, and once you understand that it is not about you. Once you understand is not about people, but it's all about the relationship, you have with Jesus Christ that he gives you that.
 Wanting that empowering power to serve him like never before you will, then understand that. I feel like the songwriters. I feel like going on. The I have our work to do for he has purpose me for not only, he has he called me by name, but he knows me, he knows me, he have qualified me. He got stir this and God has qualified you to do. Our awesome work. That isn't it? What might be hard for others? God with
 God's power, it would be easy for God is with you no matter what. So I want you to know today that God is a mighty, all someone that he knows you now only he knows you but he has a plan and a purpose for your life that you are qualified to go through. What you're going through that. Listen, it might see wealth, it might seem
 But we serve an awesome guy. He said he would never. Leave us nor forsake us. God is so awesome. That he gave his only begotten son, who humbly to God, but rose with all power, that saving power. That healing power that Deliverance power. I know sometimes he get rough y'all, and we want to throw in, but you have to, we want to throw in the towel. But we have to be reminded that God has a purpose and a plan for how long
 That he is a mighty, awesome one but the Lord is with me. The Lord is with you. I know it hurts. Sometimes, I know it doesn't make any sense some time that life has a way of getting the best of us. But we have to remember for God is with us, no matter what he's with us, that we can do all things through
 Through Christ, who strengthens us. Just remember that we serve an awesome God and he's a mighty Jeremiah said, he's a mighty all. Someone don't lose sight of that. When Trouble Comes don't lose sight of whatever's going on around you. Yeah, we have a way of quitting quitting is more easier than going forth, but we trust God he can do it for us. If you trust God he can do it for us. God, let me see.
 What you see in me. That should be your prayer this morning. God. Let me see what you see in me for some time. I see myself losing but you see me having a victory. You see me? Having a victory. You see me winning?
 Oh my God. Let me see what you see in me. I'm fired up now, I'm not burned out, but I know. God has purpose. Not only for my life, but for yours for do you before you was informing your mother's womb. He knew you, he had a plan and purpose for your life. God bless you. My Heavens smile upon you.
