You can page. So you're listening to you want to watch the broadcast over the radio or on Facebook? It's probably broadcast through which one which one you get. This is mine. That's the church. That's youth. Yes.
this one here is for you, and this one would be you P, you
 Okay, so now we got that going on. Now, we'll go through a few announcements this morning as you know, most of you know. Well, pretty much everybody knows. This is what
 Correct. So, with that, in mind, they also cover campus called for your day of prayer tomorrow. April 27th from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. please join him in prayer for him the Stables.
 Leaders and the ones on the front line fighting medical disaster and the pastor. So I checked into your local high schools as well. I encourage you to do this, even if you're at work, when you stop and say a prayer during the one-hour time with 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. tomorrow morning. Also, there are victims of our church members and visitors.
 Turkey's simply could open for radio service at 11 a.m. for worship on story and possibly May 17 based on what the numbers are doing and how our state is progressing towards snapping. This curve going back. The other direction, there would be no Sunday school. Let me reiterate, that will be no son.
 The closeness of sitting at a table especially with my time is up in the Youth Department, that would be probably climbing on each other.
 This.
 Messy announcements at any point in time during the services. Like to do a high, they're offering right shit into our church. If the address is 2006, Orton, Street being Point, Georgia, 300 3066, 9 hours for that but you can give even though you are at home,
 Appreciate it.
 They can also make a deposit at Bank South straight to First Baptist Church.
 Robert is a, we need to keep him in prayer. Also
 also PC with she Brown and Hazel and Henry Phillips also keep the family, go steal your hearts and prayers as they lost Joe couple days ago and
 Anything else?
 All right.
 In this church and the words of mark question mark getting to propane towards all of us will take you to the community. We think of the people that are on the front line
 And I'm president and all all military guys and women that are out there. Cleaning, nursing homes, for those that are sick with the covid-19, we think you do the front line, people, the nurses and the doctors, we actually get to look them up in prayer and that you protect them from from this disease. That is overtaking this world and the numbers are coming down with that as well.
 But we actually get to the ones that I've mentioned in the prayer of the ones that are sick, in the ones that aren't here, that we call them, and the Last Supper.
 Checking in on connect their Spirits, high. And we thank you that their families are calling on regular basis and showing them love and absolutely
 Why don't we are going through medical disaster?
 Yesterday.
 We movie.
 now, or later on this week or later on,
 Grab one of these.
 trying to make sure everything gets right on the
 From all over from, from Pennsylvania, from Utah, from Oklahoma, and from Guyana. So we're glad that you're, if you're tuning in and are pretty good. Gospel is reaching back to the 60s. There was a, there was a guy named Jack Kerouac, who wrote a book called on the road and
 he wrote this and his whole premise was to tune in, turn on and drop out and put, this is going to be a different story. You turned it to Luke chapter 24, Luke chapter 24 of the significant road. Now, I'm talking about the times with the resurrected Jesus, for all of this. So, I'm talking about times of people, saw the Risen Christ. There's a lot here to things and I'll talk about
 But Jesus, if he is not risen that I love all people should be very busy because I've given my entire life for him, keep it up a whole lot of things. But and I've got some friends that for a little while, we're saying, you know, the important thing is to be good. The important thing is to be a good person to be, you know just follow what God. Why is follow the rules are? And that's the thing that's important in life.
 My religion is worthless, the entire Bible from Genesis onto the book of the Revelation is all focus on the centrally on, on the cross of Christ him, be crucified died, and then resurrected, because to me, there's nothing without them. So I'm going to call this one the road with Jesus or I'll say do tell. So you sometimes when you want to know something from somebody. You know somebody will mention something.
 so,
 Discussing together as you walk along, they should still the reason L cash. One of them. Are you the only one busy?
 Who is not know the things that have happened.
 What things do tell he asks about Jesus of Nazareth, are applying, he was dropping powerful and working people for God. And all the people, the chief priests and our rulers handed him over to be sentenced to death and they crucified. But we had hoped that he was the one who was going to redeem Israel and what is more, is the third days is all this took place. In addition, some of our women amazes, they went to the tomb early this morning, but
 Find five.
 They came and told us that they had seen a vision of angels who said he was alive. There's some of our companions went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said but they not see Jesus. He said, is that how cool is you are and how slowly all of the promises? So he's not the Messiah had to suffer these things and then enter his glory and beginning with Moses in the promise, he explains them all in the same scriptures concerning himself as they approached the village.
 They were going Jesus continued along as if he were going farther, but they urged them strongly staying with us, where it is. Nearly keeping the day is almost over. So he went to stay with them while he was at the table with them. He took bread, gave thanks and the yang
 Peace be with you. Now, get this. The funny story is very interesting story and it's only told in the Gospel of Luke. So this is what makes it so interesting is that Jesus comes up.
 And I've talked to many folks in sometimes, I have questions about the gospel. Do I ask questions about Jesus Christ? And I said to myself,
 at which point I just turned everything off because I knew we were not on the same page, not because I was willing to engage, but I thought you've never even looked into Christ and enough to know whether or not he was actually real. So at this point and understand what is happening on the first day.
 People who were there you go to John chapter 19, you'll see that it talks about close pass. The rule was the husband of Mary, son of Mary, the wife of box and here, the talk about Polly Applause. So they were all there. It would make sense that they were all there. The women came the next day on Sunday on Easter morning. After the South and understand the way the Jewish culture goes during this hour on Saturday, they probably would have
 all just stayed there with later the crucifixion on Saturday.
 This group to fill them. So, my guess is that on Sunday of Easter Sunday afternoon, they're walking back. Seven miles to where they live and now, as they walk back suddenly a person comes up and walks alongside of them and said, hey guys, what's going on there? Have you not heard what's going on? Are you the only person who doesn't know that Jesus was crucified?
 Some point, when you come to know Christ, you've got to know him deeper more personal way. These folks were followers of him they were disciples. However, now Jesus has stepped his game up a notch.
 So the first thing is, if you seek Him person, is he walks with you? Look down at verse 15 and verse 15. It says, now on the same day, two of them were going to Village called Emmaus about seven miles from Jerusalem, they were talking with each other about everything that happened as they talk to each other. Jesus himself came up and walked along with, but they were painting.
 There's a lot of times, especially at this time, like this time in our, in our present circumstances, there covid-19 that we're not quite sure where Jesus is, and sometimes we're wondering, and like I said, over the past few weeks we've summoned, put God on trial and said, why isn't you are allowing some terrible things to happen. We pray to be delivered from God from our troubles and say, where are you going? We're not delivered from our truck. They were delivered from Rome. And they said, we bought this with the guy who's going to be
 We thought he was the one balling for three years and we thought he was the one. And they said, are you the only one that was just in Jerusalem and he said,
 But we go by here. We want to hear that. He's going to pay our utility that. We want to hear that. He's going to deliver us out of this pandemic. We want to hear that. He is going to bring us to Eternal happiness. Peace. We don't want to hear
 That he has killed our sin.
 But we had a debt to you.
 That there was nothing that could be done until he paid the price. We don't want to hear that. We don't want to hear that. He had to be beaten. He had to be last. You have a dry of cruel and horrible painful, gruesome death. Some people really want to see The Passion of the Christ because they don't want to see it and then I want to hear it. That was necessary for us but we want to hear that.
 This magic Genie, who is going to deliver us from everything because he wants us to be happy. There's a lot of people preaching that and you'll see them on actually right after we turn on the television and they'll have the Visa MasterCard logo on the corner that you can donate to them. They're saying, God wants to deliver you and please send some money my way. While you not saying if you want to send something that you should send something, the first type of shirt, please, please do, but we don't want to see that guy.
 We don't want to see ugliness of agape love agape. Love the reason I say it's ugly, you're still able love is in trouble. I got love for Chris, Chris is my buddy. He's over here.
 She loves you have for somebody that I have for my wife over here. And that's, that's a pretty love, you know?
 In the desert.
 When Jesus was having fasted for 40 days and Satan came to tempt him, did he use some magic Jesus powers to, you know, Satan tempted and he said turning stones to bread. You can do it, but instead use the word of God. And now Jesus is on the road with them and takes over the conversation. He said, what was going on and they see said, do tell and they said,
 He was the deliverer and now Jesus teaches the word of God Open the Eyes of those who he is with. So he opens the scripture of now it says down here that opens things for us
 Some of you like the teaching of of your pastor, or peer-to-peer chaplain or whoever you're watching. Some people are enjoying during this. This pandemic. Natives watched several different church services on Facebook throughout the week you know, and different things going on because they listen to this one now. And this one later, this one Tuesday, and there's one on Wednesday. Sometimes you like seven. Imagine
 A personal teaching from Jesus.
 All the scriptures about where he 50mm do all the scriptures. I can't imagine how this was. I can't imagine how he probably would have been, you know, and then verse 28. This was how incredible it was verse. 28 says, they approached the village where they were doing Jesus continued on as if he was going farther. He was like, well, I gotta go, we'll see him. And he had just caught it and then we're so involved by his teaching. They wanted to say that.
 Jewish culture was to keep people because at night was going to be dangerous, it was going to be dangerous, to go out a dangerous to travel, so they would say come say, save yourself. Save the kitty. So, open City. Open first. Open the description. Now, it was so good. They urge to the say other words, there is that they almost visit Lee, kept him for to stay there.
 Stay with us for, it's nearly even. The day is almost over. So he went in the same way. Now, this situation, just whole picture is very interesting. They just had a set of Jesus himself. They didn't want him to go when, you know, when, you know Jesus things organization. My commander curled. Up, Ashley, when I was overseas, he said at work, do you sit here proxy? Do you enjoy Catholic mass? I had to think about
 There's a tree. This mystery, This Love This murder. It's all in the Bible. Everything that you want to watch on Netflix is all in the Bible is Well written, it's a well-written book, I have read scripture because of my degree and because of my curiosity, I've read from different other texts, other religious texts, and a lot of them are written terribly. The, the Bible is a very well-written was hard literature, those as well.
 A great piece of literature. It's a great piece of history and it's just got a great story to it but Jesus didn't stop there after the open the scripture, then he opened something else. So this is now following members so follow. If I came in and sat down again
 Also, people will say, we're going to assume I'm going to pray. Listen. All of you pray, really?
 Legionella, you pray to Mary prayer time. Michael raised very, very, very few career. So there's a lot of people who do, but we can just kind of assume I will. Well, this is kind of different Jesus. They don't know who he is. He's just a person who has been teaching. He just grabs you and says, it's just kind of odd because it was
 And then their eyes were opened.
 Their eyes were opened and they recognized him.
 Now, so he doesn't just open the scripture to us and opens our eyes, he opens our eyes to see how things are over there.
 He was when you recognize Jesus there will be a change. There will be a life change, something will be different in your life. We're not all here this morning with the, you know, live that the power off just because we like hanging out, we're here to fulfill what he desires and to bring worship to you. The worship that we are already feeling, we're trying to bring that you so that you can understand how we
 Feel about it because Jesus makes a change in your life and now here's the thing. So they knew who he was, they knew that he has risen as we say on Easter morning, he is risen. He is risen, indeed. He is the scientist. I had to put sin to death. I remember Travis accepted Christ.
 Accident and he has six figures worth of hospital bills that were just eating him obvious family. $300 a month, you know, and that he figured you should be paying for the rest of his life. And he was just down and Founders relationship. He's down and everything else, being my friend David. We pray with them steps to Christ and it's like immediately. In fact, it was immediately as soon as I walked out the door because it's a blank and really this was long past or cooking time.
 Everything is the same, it's all going to be okay.
 Jesus is God.
 And I was like, wow, that's my girlfriend.
 Church will not be boring. They said there's a reason that the people of this church are ready to get back together. The community and fellowship.
 Disappeared. They said where our hearts burning within us. While he talked with us on the road and open the scriptures to us, they got other ones, they returned to Jerusalem and they found the eleven and those with them assemble together and said is true. The Lord is risen
 About the pillar of cloud gives shade by day and it gives us people Fire by night and light By Night dwarfed by. I do wrong.
 The tongues of fire from heaven.
 I wish I could tell you but he needs to open your eyes.
 He needs to open the surgery. He needs to give you understanding do that. You need to be walking. You need to be seated.
 so, I prayed
 In your life that you let us know. And then she would just just send us a word of encouragement and let us know what's going on. Please listen to the lyrics of this song as we close out this morning.
