Good morning, everyone. Welcome First. Baptist Church. We've got a little technical difficulties today because we are out of power and everybody's got fans. Thank you. Keep cool. We've got a few views showed up this morning, let's hear plays up early.
 Nice. I'll get a chance to talk to you afterwards. It's nice to meet you and let's see if we do happen to go back to Power will start kissing everything back there.
 Okay, so I can't come and get you.
 And we'll get started.
 We are coming up with a game plan for Wednesday, night for week in a row, kind of a BBS type thing, with some crabs and stuff as as are fake charged open up. What, right? We're going to open up, totally better.
 What call the backyard Bible Club?
 pray for the ones that are on the list and we're getting on the list and the people that I don't know,
 Louisville is pray for them. Please get the names to us. That way we can ask. I'll have them on Sunday morning also heat the heat, the families of the crew, it family and LaMont family in your prayers. They're the ones that was flying from Florida to a funeral Indiana and the plane crashed in Putnam County. Please keep those families to declare with that. Let's
 Even though we don't have air conditioning that we are here to represent and collect together and worshipping together in the past. So we thank you for the ones that have come here today and the ones that believe that are here
 Some of the worst.
 This court described times right now and we're doing all weekend as humans to look forward to you for guys looking towards you to collect and become one as a nation towards you. And Lord, I hope that presenting tray that you touch those that are
 Not looking forward to you coming together as a nation with love peace or one that I mentioned on the prayers. I asked if you cover them as plank love and so the ones that have lost loved ones. Shown beloved.
 Give me a favor.
 This morning, we were expecting the power to go out. So they're playing a best Dove on Doc, 103.9 on the radio. So we're doing what we can, but we've got several people.
 Que le and Michael Huff, I know that Miss Sherry Dinars going to be happy to know that you brought your entire family and good to see all of the balcony to. So let's go to the Lord in prayer before we engage in more worship. Heavenly father, I thank you so much for allowing us to be gathered here together today. Lord, I Thank you for modern technology Lord. We get spoiled though. With all of this, we get spoiled with the fact that we can broadcast on 30 to everyone, you know?
 All of the same time but also Lord. I Thank you for the ability to do that and and Lord. I apologize for myself includes everywhere that we haven't been using that to the best of our ability up until now. I think of, you know, air conditioning, the electric light bulb, all the things that we've gotten came. Usually first to our churches and yet we've been the last ones to broadcast, you know, all over the world. So thank you, Lord, for the ability to do that. I thank you for these who are behind me who have been willing to
 go unplugged this morning and Lord. I pray that you would just love and inhabit our worship this morning. I pray that it would be special and meaningful that you would hear our praises to you. And that that we would continue to, we would go out and heal people in your name. We love you. We thank you. And praise when we pray for our nation at this time. Everything that's gone on. We've had covid-19. And now we've got riots and protests over over an unlawful.
 So God, I pray that you would heal our land heal our nation hear our prayers here, our worship this morning, as it's all still about a relationship with you. Thank you Jesus, for everything that you've given us. Thank you for the life that you have. Breathed into us and your name. I pray these things. Amen and amen.
 There we go.
 and now because of all that my Bible,
 About the things that have happened in our world. All the things that have gone on this week, there's been a lot of Injustice.
 It's been a lot of things that have happened this week, and there are the various folks. I truly believe. Thank you. Yes, that will that have been forces that were at work and what I try to do messages, week is her
 I know we've heard that a lot but generally people who are hurtful or ugly are people who've been hurt themselves. And there's a there's a whole lot that is going on over the past little bit. I think they haven't stopped to realize that they cooked us up in our homes for two months. And then all of a sudden there is no Injustice that we've seen. We don't feel confident in our government because they don't seem to know what to do in this situation.
 Not happy.
 Then all the sudden you add in, you know, something that fuels the fire and how now we have, you know, riots that have happened. So I've seen a whole lot of things this week. Listen to What a lot of people have had to say, and I want to know where what direction, God led me to, and the direction is hope so. I just pray that we can have hope that our nation. Once again, I pray that we can come together as Chris said, we seem to be divided right now and I pray that we can come together. So I wanted to talk about that and so terrific.
 This week from a chaplain friend of mine Joplin, not pastor.
 Who sent me a meme and said, praying for you? Because and I will say last week in this week, I did messages. Do I have to worry about? Am I going to lose my job for me? But I'm going to preach, what? The Lord lays on my heart. There's somebody needs to say something to me about it. Please feel free to, I am open to dialogue which is something that's not done often in our country anymore. We've gone to social media country and were used to making comments and likes and
 Engage with each other face-to-face, much anymore. And that's part of the reason that this inflammatory situation has exploded the way it did that along with so many other package, but I want to talk about hope. Now, this is the real home. I preach this message, not the exact message fact, nowhere, close to the exact message, but for the same scripture, several years back and I called it, The Walking Dead or the living dead. I can't remember which one but if he jumps chapter 2
 Timothy, most hopeful scripture that we have in our Bibles Ephesians chapter 2 says, as for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins in which you used to live. When you follow the ways of this world and the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit, who is now at work? In those who are disobedient? Also, all of us live among them at one time, gratifying the Cravings of our sinful nature and following its desires and
 We were by nature objects of rent but because of his great love for us. God, who is rich in Mercy made us alive with Christ. Even when we were dead in transgressions and it is by Grace you have been saved and God raised us up from Christ and seated us with him in the Heavenly Realms in Christ Jesus. In order that in the coming ages, he might show the incomparable Riches of his grace.
 Expressed his kindness to us in Christ Jesus for it, is by Grace, you have been saved through faith and this not from yourselves. It is the gift of God not by works so that no one can boast for we are God's workmanship created in Christ Jesus.
 This good work which God prepared in advance for us to do with great one more time. Heavenly father I thank
 For the word of God that. Thank you so much. Did you tell us? You have control over everything. Father Lord you have moved, Heaven and Earth. You gave your only begotten son so that we might have eternal life or maybe realize this may, we turn toward you at this time and lorda, it doesn't matter if it's a power outage or if it's a broken building, or it's a fire,
 You are in control and you want us to turn toward you.
 At these times we thank you Lord that you are with us at all times, the good and the bad that we turn to you in the back times.
 And to make our good times that much sweeter. I pray these things in the name of your beloved Son. Jesus, and whose name I pray. Amen. Amen and amen.
 I'm tempted to not talk about this but I'm going to talk about it. You know, Injustice happens.
 And we have to be honest. About the one thing I've talked to, a lot of my African-American friends and other creatures and whatnot, this week is what I think what they said, what needs to be done is needs to be talked about. We often don't talk about and I myself as a preacher. I generally try to stay out of political discussion. I try to stay out of all this kind of stuff. So let me tell you something that happened.
 Not too long ago. And I really
 this is painful for me to share, but I'm going to
 Injustice happens. Always raised my kids to follow the law to respect Leo's law enforcement officers and to appreciate that.
 There was a young lady who left for school early in the morning, 7:00 in the morning. Forgot her wallet. And she's going to run out of gas on the way home, but she went ahead and went on to school and then try to come home.
 And it was not too far from here.
 Well, then she saw a policeman roll up behind her. And she thought, oh great. Good, she went off the road thought. She ran out of gas. You came back on, she rolled off the road again because her car ran out of gas.
 Policeman and she saw a policeman, a rearview mirror. She thought, great fantastic. I've got a cop behind me because there's no. So,
 So cough came in started, smelling her car. So what's that? Baggage she said I have a one-year-old. It's a Cheerios bag. God search your car. She said, yeah.
 He searched your car, then he gave her a field sobriety test outside of his car.
 Then they said she was on multiple narcotics and arrested her for DUI.
 Call her parents, who are keeping her one-year-old.
 Her parents came.
 And he started fussing at them and said, there's nothing you can do. I am taking her to jail, we said that, sorry. So let me just say this is, this was Jensen low. My daughter is sitting four rows back. If you see my hand, shake it because I've never wanted to hit a law enforcement officer in my life. Before that day. I'd do it right, man. I know his name. I know what county he works in. I've talked to his supervisor and I'll tell you what. Now, the way I feel not just
 But in the past years I've been taking a look at cops overstepping their boundaries. I would absolutely hire a lawyer in a heartbeat. Am I share this with anybody? No. Do you know why? Because it's embarrassing and it hurts our social status and I'm worried that my job and I like it the people may not like it and this is why we're in the situation we're in.
 That guy didn't have a profile, my daughter's not black but apparently he likes to arrest young women different colors but about the same age. Not sure why I'll probably address this with this officer did with his Superior officer again, because I am so upset by it. I'm still shaking right now. I'm so angry about it and let me tell you what happened. So they searched the car found nothing, they gave her a field sobriety test and he said, nope.
 I should we have on our phone, we have a thing that shows where she's been she left, athletes check. And this person said, you don't know where your kids been, you don't know where your child's been over. He did
 He said she's going to jail. We followed to the police station to the fire station. I should have called in the police station range came there but I know that I felt helpless. I don't know what to do. I've never been in that situation before, I don't have lawyers on retainer. I don't know what to do and he and then he said you know what, all you gotta do is put up property and you can get around on bail. No problem. I said I don't have property there. I'm a pastor a small town nearby. What in the world?
 There's no big deal that she was being separated from her child for one year, for Susie for eight hours, and that she was going to jail, not to mention that quarters. You supposed to do? Her internship for teaching that they had won a background check. It would have come up but she had an arrest record. He could have destroyed her life permanently
 and what if she didn't have to marry parents who cared about her? What a baby she'd only have a single parent who's watching her child. They couldn't even come out. What if she have have been lower-income? What if she had been kicked out of the house at 18 or 19 and she was on her own and nobody went together?
 Of one police officer.
 She could have no hope for the future if she has been lower income. If she had been maybe if she'd been black, if she had had only one pair for no parents to watch out for her, we fought for her. When I went to court, I've brought all the information to the district attorney and I said there were no drugs in her system. There was no alcohol in her system. We have record of where she was 15 minutes before the arrest which was 15 minutes across town. So what happens now? You said, excuse me. He went got paper.
 And I said, are we going to get to face the officer or we come back to court? He said, oh this isn't going before he said I don't have a case. Why would I try this?
 Sort of doing a lot of research that point and that was why I said, you know what, there are bad eggs in the world, you need to watch yourself. There are bad things that happen in the world and we need to watch yourself. Now, this is one Injustice for me a middle class white man and this happened several years ago and I said nothing about because I was worried about my status and my social status, what people would think of me and all that stuff, she has no record because there wasn't a case against you
 How often does this happen and African-American neighborhoods in low-income neighborhoods in Hispanic neighborhoods? How often does this happen?
 But we say nothing because it doesn't affect us.
 Injustice happens in this world. It happens every day and we close our eyes to. If we don't look at it, we try to pretend that it doesn't affect us at all, but there's a reason that we need to share price constantly and consistently because we have a lost and dying world out there. Now, how does that tie in with Ephesians? Paul is talking about the world and about us.
 And the way we used to be, as if we were dead people, here's the thing, I can go over here to the cemetery and I can't reach as hard as I want on how they need to stop sinning. And they're not going to hear me because they're dead. And what Paul is saying, in Ephesians chapter two, is you word that dead before Christ raised you
 that's poem.
 That's a hope of a God that can change things.
 The first one we were dead. We were like zombies. Like I said, I go to the grave in the tree.
 Some follows that he said, we followed the course of this world. Listen dead, man. You take a dead man. You know, with no hope. Imagine for a minute, take dead people, or people who are spiritually Dead, who have no hope in Christ Jesus. You put them in a quarantine for two months, they lose their jobs.
 They don't have enough money. They're not sure if everything is going to be shut off like the powers off today, then the government lets them down because they feel like the government doesn't have a clue as to what's going on in there. Not helping them anything. And then you see death or Injustice by a government official.
 That's what we call a Flashpoint. How you think. People weren't mad.
 I am not giving you an excuse to riding protesting is something we should be able to do in this country by our constitution. I'm not giving you two used to riding breaking things and hurting people, but you think they want trigger. You think I'm not triggered. I'll tell you what. I would go toe-to-toe with that Leo right now, it doesn't make a difference if you want to see what a daddy would do for his kids. Yeah, watch that. I would go to the gym right now, and this is almost two years later. I'm so curious. It makes me angry.
 Injustice before.
 Protests. Now, you have after two months of quarantine feel like the government, let you down government official murder. Somebody by Disney on somebody's neck because of camera phones. We've got video of all of it everywhere. Boom, Flashpoint. You think they weren't mad? Of course. Now, you put the various people in there. Who, when you're that mad, they say here's a brick. Why don't you do something with it?
 And I'm not getting sick. I do not like the group, but we're not talking about black lives matter, we're not talking about other quotes again, the various people who are trying to incite violence and divide us that much more, that's why we need home. We need hope that Jesus Christ can raise deaf people because the people are going out there saying, I'm doing something now. I've been cooped up in my house. Now I can go do something.
 And then you have that person to Brick while they're angry.
 I actually saw somebody taking a break back to some of these cards and why would you have angry people to bring?
 So it's happening. It actually is happening. So I'll just you conspiracy. It's happening out there. See, here's the thing that people are going to act. Dead, spiritually, dead. People are going to act dead. They're going to act simple because they are dead. And it says in there that the spirit is at work in the sons of Disobedience, this evil spirit is at work in the sons of Disobedience, that angry wrong spirit with a brick in his hand is going to break something.
 We all live in the flesh. We all once lived in the flesh. We satisfied, our desires, our thoughts, that's what the scripture says. That's what he says right here in Ephesians hurt people. Hurt people.
 People who are hurt are going to hurt other people.
 hurt, people hurt people, dead people act dead, but
 Second point.
 Godfrey first four,
 Birth for says, but because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in Mercy? There are two words that changed everything in a person's life. They change it in scripture, but they changed it in people's life is two words that are uncannily. Just I can't tell you how much how much grace they can make you feel in your life and that is but God but God two most powerful words in Scripture.
 Being rich in Mercy, made us alive. What does that look like me? Show you what that looks like. If you want to turn in your Bibles or you got your Bibles or your phones or whatever to Ezekiel 37, I'm going to go over, what? That looks.
 It's because thousands of almost a thousand years before about 700 years before, God says to Ezekiel, son of man can these bones live now, these were Dry Bones dry. What does Dry Bones mean? That means inside when they're broken, the marrow has dried up. That means there's no light in them at all. They're all bone. This kind of bones are dog. Would come up to sniff and walk away from because there's not anything for him to chew on their old bones. And God said, Can these dry bones?
 I said o Sovereign Lord, you alone and then he said he prophesied of these bones Dry, Bones. Hear the word of the Lord, I will make breath enter you and you will come to life. I will attach tendons and make flesh. Come upon you and cover you with skin. Then I'll put breath in you and you will know I have come to life, then you will know that I am alone.
 so as he'll did that, now here's the thing is God didn't just say, I'm
 He starts talking about tendons, and ligaments, and sinews. And I mean, imagine the cartilage, the vein, the muscle tissue, all the things that would have to happen for dry bones, to be brought to life. Imagine
 that's what that looks like. But then he prophesied and got put skin on them, and put the bones together and the tendons of Flesh appeared on them in the skin cover them, but there was no breath than that.
 Now I've said it before, Peter says, the word of God is inspired that word inspired, is the word Numa Numa, and the power of the word, the word of God, this is inspired by God and it's that work. New my means wind or breath. So instead, God breathed into man, and he became a living soul,
 It's God's breath that has the power of the power is God's is God's breath inside of the word of God. The power. It us is the breath inside of us. And he had put ligaments and tendons, tendons, and sinews, and the Flesh on those bones, but there was no life in him.
 God is saying through Paul in Ephesians, that's what we were. We were dead and would and then he breathe breath in those bones. He said prophesy to the breath prophesy, son of man and say to him. This is what the Sovereign lord said, come from the Four Winds o breath and breathing to these flame that they may live. God said, our bones are dried up and our hope is gone. We are cut off.
 Have you ever felt?
 Have you ever been at a bad situation where you wonder if God's even listening to anything? You said, I don't think there's anyone within earshot of my voice was not felt like that. I have, I have a personal time and I have had that feeling at times in the church in every church I've ever been in. Before you say, it's just me, Mark, maybe the problems with you, that's it.
 Every pastor.
 I will say that they have had time when they were crying out to God. I have received so many sucker punches I can't even count them, but God.
 we were dead, but God and
 I've also watched,
 Relationships be prepared in my life. I've watched myself help other people repair relationships, brothers and sisters, Fathers and Sons children and parents.
 But learn to forgive and learn to love and learn to have life in their relationship. Again, some of them just before their, their, their loved one passed and it's so beautiful that I have any part of that from God.
 God can heal. We were dead, but God can heal. God can raise us up. And he says, by Grace, you have been saved. See, it's all about the grace of God. It is by Grace, you have been saved and raised us up. We have. Oh, so in the coming days, he may show us that says, his immeasurable Riches of Grace in Ephesians, immeasurable riches, a great. So,
 Not just a little bit of Grace is, immeasurable Riches of Grace and kindness toward us. Understand something you've got to get this before I get to my next point and that is that God doesn't owe us anything he doesn't know us.
 I keep y or healing or salvation or hope he doesn't owe. Anyone of us, we were dead but we have hope.
 And we need healing.
 Let me tell you another story.
 I took a little bit of trouble, I was that person has almost become a regular part of our lives, but that person has gotten in trouble with the police. Not the choose great thing you got in trouble. So I took him home. Then I noticed on my way home, I was being followed by the police department.
 Now, I got pulled over.
 And then the person talk to me and then they pulled me over for a for a tagline. That was out. But then they said, oh, it's the preacher. Hey, it's the preacher of the Town preacher saw you taking that young gentleman home, what you doing? It's like I'm working with spends time you work with it or trying to get it, but you might want to watch yourself. I said,
 I realized, you know what? I was just charging, but I'm the town preacher so they let that go.
 Now I felt kind of dirty because now the Good Ol Boy system worked out well for me, but in time it might not have been so good and I'm not been who I was and was town.
 And I understand, I love Leo's. I want to be won all of my life.
 Enforcement agencies that are here. I know the chief and I know the leaders of both of them very well. I call them friend. They're actually on speed dial on my phone. I've talked to them both this week.
 And so this is not something to say about police, but all the sudden, I felt kind of dirty because it worked out for me. Did I say anything? Nope. Did I go talk to their supervisor? No.
 I'm the problem.
 I've had a hundred stories from black Brands like preachers who have the same thing happening to do to lower it.
