Dear heavenly, father, we thank you for this day. We thank you for the opportunity that you've given us this morning to be able to wake up. Come to church and worship you together as a church, family Body of Christ. We thank you for this or we thank you for the beautiful weather that we have a hot Summer's days and the idea that possibly will help get rid of the covid-19 that we're all dealing with across the world as United States has opened up all these states and and the numbers seem to jump back up.
 The death rating. Thank you for. That is, is a lot lower than what it was before we thank you for this. We would love the number to be zero point, zero, zero zero, zero percent, but we know you're always working and you're working for our veteran are good. We thank you for that as well, where we actually text, you look over the ones that I make on this list. The youth minister at Washington First Baptist and the ones that lost loved ones and that you love them. So those families and show love and tenderness.
 And and got us through such a hard time. Our emotions are a little bit different and you're loving God. You're going to wrap your arms around these people and show them the comfort and love, and guidance and draw them closer to you, Lord. We thank you for these things. We thank you for the ones that are here playing music. The Young youth that have stepped up and taken part reign of this horse that that is building here at this church and the direction.
 Let's go and we thank you for the ones that have come today to hear your work through marks Mountain. We thank you for everything that you do for us. We love you. We praise you and your name up on high and all things in Jesus name. Amen.
 Good morning.
 I'm going to say,
 Thank you so much for allowing us to get together today. I want to thank you for
 Lord up with, to be with us. This time - as the pandemic covid-19 is, is all the lies again. Lord, it's affecting our County as well as others. So God, I pray that you be with us but more to thank you but a criticism President says, open the doors of the church Lord done. We've come to a bad State and our country when planned parenthood's doors can open with the church's supposed to close their so Lord. I Thank you.
 Leadership for government of President saying leads go to church. So God, I pray that you would just be with us this morning be with our inhabit, our praise, and our worship Lord. I pray that you would make the word of God. Just, it's really true. Our lives. That you would just permeating us with your love of Holy Spirit your grace and I pray that you will be done this morning. Lord Bao Grace to You just a sweet sweet Aroma to you. I pray that your will be done on Earth as you have made your name.
 Jesus, I pray these things in, man.
 Who's going to be a part of the family of God?
 I was kind of deciding what I was going to play.
 Determining that way things are going in our country right now. I say this time and time again, it seems like people are turning our eyes and we as Christians need to
 Show our quality, the other people, as well, as make known that Jesus is our savior and getting control everything that happens in this country. But we've got to put him first. That way, you can covid-19 vide our country so
 He's the one that gave us life and if he gives us why he is our father and our controller and we got to give him everything that we have back with us not doing. So, as far as a huge Nation goes in the numbers, we've got it's heartbreaking, sad, but I think this song because of that issue,
 The others and it's probably some time, I'm not mentioning but I appreciate that. So much has been done. As you see stuff is change but we've had since we try to keep everything as long as we can for with covid-19 and to keep it as normal as possible and just to go on and and proclaim the word of God. So and not to mention, then there's also been the radio audience along with the Facebook poll audience.
 Which has grown, which is fifty or a hundred people a week with something. So and that was interesting trying to get the sound for that for both. So, so now we've got a hopefully we got everything about that to to sending normal and we'll see how that goes. But one thing I want to talk about this morning is is worried because I see a lot of that going on. A lot of worry about what's going on country was going on.
 Nation. A lot of worry about the covid-19 buyers a lot of worrying about racial tensions and Reconciliation and politics and that we have a vote coming up in November. There's a lot of worry to plenty for you to go around and do we wear masks and do not wear a mask and what the rules and are they going to turn to socialism to take all of our rights away? There's a lot of worrying going on in our nation.
 And the Bible speaks to worry. Matthew chapter 6 is where we'll be in verse 25 and 34, but I join the someone here is worried this morning about something that's going on that years ago. The Mayo Clinic says, they're told caseload in reality or artificially, do worry and anxiety. I've seen this myself that sometimes
 And as they talk to me about the problems that they have going on at home suddenly they're probably pain, goes down and they're out of his path Arabic than a few weeks. I've seen it that's it's amazing I don't understand it but it's worry can kill us. One lead position say that his opinion 70% of all medical patients can cure themselves if they only got rid of their worries and their fears Medical Science has time or two hearts
 To blood pressure to ulcers thyroid problems, migraine headaches to host a stomach disorder. America about 25 million Americans have high blood pressure due to stress and anxiety, eight million, people have stomach ulcers every week, a hundred twelve people unfamiliar people. Take medication for stress-related symptoms. Don't worry is a problem worries, an epidemic in our country, so what is Stanley Johnson? Worry is the interest. We pay
 On tomorrow's Triumph. Let me say that again. Worry is the interest that we pay on tomorrow's jobs?
 He's going to become so preoccupied. With the Troubles of tomorrow that are present thoughts of trouble. No, man were saying that with the burden of the day. It is win. Tomorrow's burden is having to the burden today. With the weight. Is more than a man can bear George MacDonald's and that. So if you have your Bibles or your, or your iPad or
 Jesus has to say about worry. Jesus said, therefore, I tell you do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink or about your body, what you will wear is not life, more important than food and the body more important than clothes. Look at the birds of the air. Do they not sow or reap or store away in Barns and yet your heavenly father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than who have you?
 And why do you worry about clothes? See how lily they do? Not labor or spin yet? I tell you that not even Solomon. In all his Splendor was dressed like monkeys. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, oh, you of little faith? So do not worry saying what shall we?
 We eat, what shall we drink? Or what shall we wear for the pagans run after these things and your heavenly father knows that you need them, but seek first, his kingdom and his righteousness. And all these things will be given to you as well. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow. For tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly father. Thank you so much for allowing us to have a lord for us being able to gather together in Florida.
 Courage for us to gather together in a house of worship. We need your spirits resting on this country. We just here to rest upon us. Lord, we need to cast our cares upon you because we know that you care for us and we need your peace. Jehovah Shalom. I pray that you will be with us throughout the service. You're out this week and with us as we speak about worry, anxiety and fear. Now they have no place
 In your opinion.
 Or we thank you. That would be gathered together day and your name Jesus. I pray these things. Amen. And
 death was walking toward the city when the morning and there was a man dead and decent. That's what I do is my job, the man, her to warn everybody. Good about this plan and as he didn't fell.
 He said, you told me you were going to take a hundred people, he said 1,000. I said, I kept my word. I only took plenty worried took the rest,
 The word great word for the word. Worry is Maryland. Which literally means to be drawn and different directions. When we worry, we're not seeing the line, we're not focused, we have things of the world that are pulling us in different directions. We allow that it pulls us apart and it's like trying to live a place where you're not. So so what is the cure to worry? Comes the moment when you realize a few things about worry and one of the worry is not healthy. It's not powerful and verse 27.
 It said, not an hour, can be added or a cupid to your statue. Is so, the way, the King James usury worry is needless because there's much more important issues that we so often become preoccupied with them. The issue becomes become preoccupied. With are usually not the things that we really need to worry about Soldier Under Fire, the Foxhole don't get upset. They're not, they're worried about living there.
 Before his 16th birthday, he was going to use Retreat. He wanted to use for treating win but he had quiz on Monday morning that he we should we study. So the whole weekend he was worried that he should have been studying for the quiz, whether whether or not he should have gone and he said all the way to one of the meetings. The
 The van that he was in was hit by a truck. And so, he found himself in the hospital and his head was cut open. He was bleeding. He eventually had to operate on him and he was in the hospital.
 Does that have anything to do with your salvation?
 If we could see into the future and see into our problems in the True Light, just like that bomb and went blind us to the world to living itself. Instead, we could be relegated to their true size and their true Place have. All the things that most people worry about were reduced to their true size. You can probably stick them all on a water glass. To people worried today about a great many things people worried today about about people to work right now.
 They're worried about things that are going on. They're worried about racial reconciliation, they're worried about politics. They're worried about all the things in the world that are going on.
 And so the next day they got stood up and went to the door behind you.
 There's a picture of mental hospital to the law listening intent. And the attendant kept walking by smiling attendant comes by and and starts looking, which is
 listen wall. And so the patient brings them over and they tend to press his ear to the wall for a while instead.
 I can't hear a thing.
 And the other person said, is the patient said. I know, it's not like that.
 That's a lot of times what our worry is, like, we're worrying waiting seeking trying to hear nothing.
 Isaiah 40 2931 talks about God, giving us strength said, he gives me speak of strength to the weary and increases power to the week even youths grow tired and weary and young men, stumble and fall. But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength, they will soar on wings wings, like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk, and not grow faint faint.
 Folks God wants to give us power over. He wants to give us power and me and our lives is wanted to take us over and take over everything that we do within the way we live. And we give us the problems that worry always gives us. He wants us to hand it over to him. That is why the second point I want to make? Is that it's not faithful to worry. It's Faith less to worry. Verse 30 says, oh, ye of little faith as
 Talk about a little faith, the nature of God shows us, it's unnecessary to worry. Worry does empty tomorrow with sorrow it empties today of its strength.
 With Corrie Ten. Boom. But then in Auschwitz concentration camp and she said that, you said worry doesn't into tomorrow as it is, today of his strengths were, he's not too silly. It's also sinful. Worry shows you, you're not trusting God, as if you say that you trust someone but then your actions show that you're not trusting. It represents what unbelievers do and it shows that you don't trust God someone once said if
 trust for his children, there's son of from a church but that said when your knees knocked together Neal,
 When you start having what we start having anxiety, and worry. I'm not saying this will alleviate anything but we should pray with me. Pray like Jesus Commandments too.
 When Jesus first started the prayer with Jesus, start the The Lord's Prayer by saying, oh, Lord, help me with this problem.
 No, he should have fun with war in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Christian about any said my kingdom on Earth as it is in heaven.
 See if we get that first in our prayer life, everything else is going to come far far.
 God, his King.
 Aw tozier said if we would stop lamenting and look up, God is here. Christ is risen. The spirit has been poured out from on high. All this we know is being logical. Truth, it remains for us to turn into Joy. A spiritual experience few weeks ago and we did not get our model of those teach on true. Freedom. Freedom is through Christ, my crew members and he said we can have true freedom is through
 We have freedom in this country, freedom of speech, the freedom to say, what we want to go. One actually right now the rain is pandemic. Not as much as we have had in times past, but we have freedom in this country but true Freedom comes through Jesus Christ, that's know somebody like Corrie, Ten, Boom. Can worship God, even though she's in a concentration camp because of the freedom that Jesus Christ gives we need to believe our are, we need to disbelieve are simple.
 Has and learn to trust the unchanging nature of God. We need to not just pray for summarizing the season to come. We know, they'll come because God is faithful. We see God's provision all around us. We know that he is our father and fathers provide for their children. Our experience of him and his nature shows us that God can be trusted. So worried, his sentence room has a god tier Street. He's brought you through so many things.
 And I believe that he's going to continue to do so our heavenly father has never left us. He's promised us will never leave us and he'll never escape. This is why as we can memorize scripture and I pray stretcher back to God, I say God you know that the cattle the only cow
 Joshua 1:9 Joshua was facing what he thought was his entire hand leaving. He said, have I not commanded. You do not be afraid or discourage the Lord, your God is with you wherever you go.
 We're he's hung like a rocketship, it's something you can do, but never really gets you anywhere it accomplishes. Nothing back to the only acts to make things worse in your life.
 Worry, doesn't accomplish anything. It doesn't accomplish anything. But
 Which love and like a good parent. God doesn't want to show you the struggle with things that he can help them. So we just don't turn to God for the things that we can seek Him for, with this hell. Instead we decided to wallow in pity or wallow in the world.
 Worried about tomorrow and the things that are going to come. When Jesus said, do not be afraid of this name for the Lord, your God is with you.
 When you speak to us about worry. So, what is it that we can do about this? What is it that we can do with worry? Because everything works and I knew that as an excuse of them will ever know. Everybody worries. You can't help you. Just, you just have to some people. Worry a lot less than other people, though. So what do I do?
