The grace and peace of the Risen Christ, be with you. The Risen Christ is with us. So good to see you this morning and welcome to Greensboro First United Methodist Church. And we are delighted that you are here and we are delighted that some of you are joining us via livestream or watching us later on recorded video. Thank you for your presence and for your participation in this time of worship. And it's good to have the
Cherish back side by side, it's also good. You'll find hymnals underneath your chairs to use this morning during our worship service. So thank you for that. Another thing you'll find is at the end of your row you'll find it a little black pad that has a registration attendance in it. And so if you will please find that and register your attendance and be sure, it gets past all the way down your row. So that everybody who's sitting on your row can register their tend to settle be great.
 Eight. And then this morning during the offering time, we're asking whichever end that ends up on. Will you please pull that first sheet off and bring it with you and place it in the offering place as offering of our attendance as well as our monetary gifts during our time of worship?
 Today is also Native American Ministry, Sunday in the United Methodist Church. And when you support Native American Ministry studies with your offering, you equip Seminary students, who will honor and celebrate Native American culture, and their Ministries. And you also Empower congregations that are finding fresh and new ways to minister to their communities with the love of Christ. So offering envelopes are available out in the Gathering area on the round table. If you
 Didn't pick up one as you were coming in, please. You can use one anytime and send that to the church office or this morning. If you want to just Mark, your checkered envelope Native, American Ministries Sunday that will suffice and will be sure that it gets there.
 Will you join me as we pray together?
 The gracious and loving God, we see what law of you have poured upon us and calling us the children of God.
 What we will be is still in process and not fully complete.
 Yet, we are growing in Perfection of love and we are certain that when Christ appears we shall be like him.
 So be patient with us and as we worship this stage, draw us closer to you and to each other and to all the world knowing that our salvation and our righteousness is found in Christ alone. In the Name of Christ. We pray on them.
 Our Salter this morning comes from psalm for it's in your Hymnal and page number 741, the words are will be on the screen. They're a little different but the sun response you'll find there at 7:41 in your him though. The response goes like this.
 With faith. That is all.
 Answer me when I cry out my righteous. God, how long you people will? My reputation be insulted? No, this the Lord takes personal care of the faithful.
 The Lord will hear me when I cry out just this is all so be afraid and don't send bring righteous offerings.
 Many people will say, we can't find goodness anywhere but you have filled my heart with more joy than when they're weak and wine are everywhere.
 So I don't know about you but I love mr. Rogers and when mr. Rogers would come to the end of his show, he would always close with this song and some version of these words.
 Such a good feeling to know you're alive. It's such a happy. Be feeling growing inside. And when you wake up ready to say, I think I'll make a happy good day. It's such a good feeling, a very good feeling the feeling, you know that we're friends and then he would
 You can know that you can always help to make each day a special day by just being yourself, you grow in your own way everyone does. And that's one reason each one of us is different and special and people can like us, exactly. As we are it's such a good feeling.
 Feeling to know you're alive. It's such a happy feeling you're growing inside. And when you wake up ready to say I think I'll make a Snappy new day. It's such a good feeling, a very good feeling the feeling, you know that I'll be back when the day is done and I'll have more
 Or ideas for you and your house things you'll want to talk about, I will too. You always make each day a special day. You know how by just being you, there is only one person in the whole world. Exactly. Like you that's you yourself and people can like you exactly
 Exactly. As you are, it's such a good feeling, a very good feeling the feeling you know that we're friends and Mister Rogers Mantra was I like you just the way you are the phrase. I love you consists of a one letter word.
 A four-letter, word, love and a three-letter word, you 143 a 143. Did you know that a hundred forty? Three pounds was the weight that Mister Rogers cap throughout his adult life a hundred and forty three pounds. And did you know that the governor of Pennsylvania marked May 23rd, or declared May 23rd as a day to honor? Fred Rogers?
 Because it is the 140 third day of the year. Providing there's no leap year.
 And so the May 23rd is a day to honor, Fred Rogers, his message of love and kindness and generosity and thoughtfulness to others.
 So first John begins with the author announcing that they have been living, what they preach and preaching, what they heard. So that all may have fellowship with them.
 and that is the good news of Easter and the good news of the Christian faith that we are continuing to Proclaim many many, many years later, the fellowship that they were talking about and that they had with one another and that they were inviting others to be a part of, is the fellowship or the relationship where the Koinonia or the communion, or the law of that the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit share among the godhead in to
 That relationship into that communion into that, love the writer of First. John found himself, found all Christians and we're inviting the whole world to realize that we are in this relationship, invited into it by God and a part of it. And in this Fellowship, there is great joy. It's such a good feeling to know you're alive and growing inside growing in
 This relationship with God, or as the writer of First, John would put it. See what kind of love the father has given us and that we should be called God's children and that is what we are now. Dear friends. Now, we are God's children and it hasn't yet appeared what we will be. Fred Rogers, obviously knew this verse Fred Rogers. Joy was one of relationship with God.
 And others realizing that he and all of us are children of God, that we are brothers and sisters with one another that we are friends as Jesus called as friends of God and Friends of each other.
 And do you know that there's absolutely nothing you can do?
 About that. Even if you don't like somebody you can't not make them your brother and sister, they are like it or not. They are like it or not. That's who we all. Are we are brothers and sisters. We are friends of God, Dorothy us of Gaza taught about the circle. That's kind of like the one up on the screen right now.
 And in this circle dorothea's.
 An ancient father of the church said that God is like that Center Circle that center part.
 And God is light. And in him there is no Darkness. The writer of First John says God is love the first writer of First. John says and God is forever. So the light of God and the love of God, for all creation is an eternal thing and Humanity are all the little lines that are growing out of that Circle.
 Like a wheel with spokes.
 With Humanity being the spokes, all around the diagram.
 And Dorothy is sad. Here's how it is. The father away. You are from God. The Father away. You are from others.
 But the closer you get to others, the closer, you get to God, and the closer you get to God, the closer you get to each other.
 Wow. And it's actually a witness.
 You want to talk about your relationship with God and how close or far away? You are.
 What's your relationship with others?
 All others.
 Do you realize that you are a child of God? If you do? Do you also realize? So is everybody else?
 You didn't do anything to get to be born. A child of God. It's a gift. It's Grace.
 and everybody, the people you like the people, you don't like the people, you don't know if you like or dislike their all
 children of God as well.
 It's just who we are and all humanity is on this circle in this diagram and much of the time when we talk about, are you living in the light or you're living in the darkness, we make it an either-or. And we kind of put it in different containers, and we make it very dualistic.
 and yet, maybe it's not as dualistic as we think sometimes,
 The fact of the matter is is that it's not like we sometimes think you're either for us or against us, this circle gives us a different way of seeing our relationship with God and with each other because no matter where you are, if you're over on the far, East side of God, or you're on the far, west side of God, it doesn't really matter.
 Because if you change perspectives or you turn to Circle a little bit, 90 degrees, you're going to be north of God, south of God, turn it another 90 degrees and those who are on the west are on the East and those who are on the Eastern, l in the West.
 It doesn't matter where you are on the circle. What matters is have? You turned to look into the circle?
 Do you realize that you are a child of God is? So that is turning towards God. Realizing the relationship with God.
 And thus realizing our relationship with each other.
 Or are you still turned with your back towards the circle? Are you turned towards the light? Are you turn towards the darkness? Are you turned towards love? Are you turn towards something other than love? That's the point. And so, salvation is not about changing places on this circle or diagram. It's all about turning around and facing the center and realizing that we are children of God. And when we turn around, that's what the word. Repent means to turn around.
 Tannoy to turn around to repent, to realize that you are not anything except a child of God and that's all you need to be.
 And as you realize it for yourself, you realize it for others, and you realize that we are all in this Fellowship, we're all in this family, we're all on this love together.
 And in this Fellowship, there is great joy at such a great feeling.
 To know that we are in relationship with each other.
 Part of our turning towards God is realizing and trusting that we are children of God.
 Sin is the thing that keeps us with our backs, turned to go from God and turned rather away from God, sin is when we tried to deny and pretend that we're not really related to God, that we're not children of God, that we're not brothers and sisters of all Humanity.
 I remember as a teenager I came up with this teasing story for my parents I wanted to express to them that I was probably not their son because I was so different from them and I wanted to tell my sister I was not her brother because we were so different from each other.
 So I was born on Christmas morning, in 1970, in the Wheeler County Hospital, which is a small hospital that's now closed used to be in Glenwood, Georgia.
 Am I fabricated story? Was that on that early Christmas morning there obviously, was another couple passing through town and Glenwood trying to get to their Christmas destination and they were with child.
 Kind of sounds like the Christmas story, right. And they stopped in not at the end, but they stopped in at the Wheeler County hospital and they had their baby. And this was back before things like this couldn't happen or was had precautions against it somehow me? And that baby got swapped and my parents took their baby and laughed and I was stuck with them. That was my story. My joking fatigue strategist story
 But there's no way to deny it.
 If you see my mom and dad, you see too much of them and me.
 And even when I don't want to admit it, my sister took a picture of a receipt this past week and send it to me and her thumb looks exactly like my son.
 You can't deny it, there's just too much of God's DNA and us to deny that we were not created by God. God put God's Own image in US.
 And we cannot live truthfully and authentically saying we're not children of God.
 We cannot live in sin, we have to turn and acknowledge the truth, we know better, it's just too obvious. There's a little bit of God and all of us.
 because who else created us, if God did not
 sin is also though when we tried to deny that someone else is not in this circle, that somebody else is not a child of God. Sin is manifested in attitudes and actions. When we begin to feel that we have the upper hand because of our piety that we are so close to God and you're obviously not. So I'm a Child of God, you must be a child of the devil or something. I'm living in the light. You must be living in the Darkness.
 But we feel Superior because of our understanding our education, or the way we dress or the our race, our nationality, our gender, or anything else that we choose to divide ourselves with other people and graduate ourselves with other people and compare ourselves.
 Enough of all that.
 We are children.
 And we can't say that we don't do that. Come on, let's be honest. We all do it.
 Matter of fact, the writer of First, John says, you can't say that you don't sin, we all sin, we all divided ourselves. Sometimes we all began to think that we're better than at least somewhat better than some people anyway. Right.
 And that's where we begin to sin.
 And confession is a good place to start. It's good for the soul and when we confess our sins God is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins. We have an advocate with the father Jesus Christ. The righteous who is the expiation for our sins and not for our sins only, but for the sins of the whole world for all the children Sons and Daughters of God.
 And the closer we grow to God, the more we confess and repent and get closer to God the closer we get to each other.
 And the closer we get to each other, the closer we get to God and the opposite is also true.
 Dear friends, brothers and sisters. We all have a place at the table. We all have a place at the family of God.
 and we,
 Are not in control of this table, or this family to decide who's in, and who's out.
 God, who created us?
 God, who set the table?
 Has invited all of us.
 Do you realize you're a child of God?
 Do you realize it, that is by grace and what love? God has bestowed upon you to call you such.
 and do you realize the same is true for everybody in this room and for everybody in this world
 That's who we all are.
 So, we don't judge and we don't compare.
 We just remember that story or a dialogue at the end of John's gospel. When Peter asked, Jesus, about another disciples Lord, what about him?
 And you remember what? Jesus said, if I want him to remain until I come, what difference does that make to you?
 You must follow me.
 And that's the only thing we're worried about.
 Everybody's on the circle.
 And what we need to be concerned about, is, have we turn to the center?
 Are we living in the light and in the fellowship, the joy of communion with God as children.
 And see all else's are brothers and sisters. Or are we living somewhere differently?
 And I don't know your heart and you don't know my heart so we can't judge each other.
 All I can do is get as close to the center as I possibly can.
 And to love you with all that, God has given me.
 And that's all we can do any of us towards anyone.
 So, the real question question is, have we turned to the light of God? Are we living in relationship with God? Are we growing closer to God and closer to others?
 Or are we living with difference?
 And distance.
 We are now the children of God. So let's now be who we are and live into it. And this is the good news that we live and that we preach because it is what we have heard. And it is what has been passed down to us. That God is love that God is light. And in God, there is no Darkness at all. God never denies the truth, but always confesses. Yes. That one is also my child.
 Whom I dearly love.
 And maybe he's talking about you, maybe he's talking about me.
 Or maybe he's talking about the people that we don't know, or the people, that we find very difficult to love. It's all of us, the fellowship and relationship. We have with god. With each other is the source of our deep and abiding Joy of life. So now, dear friends, the writer says, let us remain in relationship to Jesus.
 So that when he appears we can have confidence and not be ashamed in front of him when he comes. And it's such a great feeling to know you're alive, is such a happy feeling we're growing inside. And when we wake up ready to say, I think I'll live in God's love today. It's such a
 Good Feeling a very good feeling the feeling, you know, that we're friends and even more than friends were brothers and sisters children of God. That's what we are now. So, let us now be it in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. Will you pray with me gracious? God, you call us your children. And that's what we are right now. You were children.
 Keep us O Lord from wandering and turning away from you.
 Keep us from denying the truth of Who We Are.
 No better than no worse than just your children. Adored With Love by you. Teach us how to trust you how to love you like little children.
 even in times of trial, which live, surely has enough of
 use each one to bring new growth and New Life To Us new depth of our understanding of our relationship new joy in knowing that we are in communion with you. And with each other,
 And keep us from complacency.
 Help us to know what is good and what is evil and to do good. And to stand against that, which harms your creation, all evil, but keep us from judging our neighbor and calling our neighbor evil.
 But help us confess the evil of our own lives.
 And to turn to you.
 Be with us and Deliver Us from hatred and from violence, and four division of All Sorts that our world is filled with.
 And bring your kingdom.
 And help us to love and to be loved just as we are.
 Lord hear our prayers. We pray that you would love the world through us.
 That you would let us love the world through you.
 And that you would help us be loved by you through your world and the name of Christ Our Lord we pray. Amen.
 So Christ, Our Lord invites to his table, all who love him who earnestly repent of their sin and who seek to live in peace with one another.
 Therefore, let us confess our sin before God. And before one another, as we join in this prayer of confession,
 good and gracious. God, we are creatures of dust ignorant of your Revelation, misunderstanding, your life death, and Resurrection Among Us needing forgiveness. We repent of our failure. To give as you have given to us, we beg your mercy for our fallen world. We seek you word that we may live with the faith of Jesus.
 BR solace in this life and always we ask this as your own children, holy and incomplete, forgive us and lead us.
 In the name of Jesus, the Christ we pray. Amen. If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and cleanse us from All unrighteousness In The Name of Jesus Christ. You are forgiven.
 Glory to God and our men, the Peace of Christ be with you. Amen, this morning, they we offer ourselves as we offer this Bread and Wine and then we offer our Gifts of our attendance. If you'll please bring those registration pad attendances with you and with our monetary gifts, that we may practice the giving of ourselves that our lives might truly be lived. In generosity, proclaiming the good news that we have.
 Heard and that we have witnessed and that we dare to preach to the whole world. Let us come and let us offer as the choir offers their gift of music.
 Gracious. God thank you for the gifts that you give us the gift of yourself, the gift of relationship and love the gift of being your children.
 Help us now to turn loose and not to hoard the gifts, you share with us.
 But to offer ourselves, these monetary gifts, the gift of our presence, the gift of our availability, to all that you would desire to do through us, that your kingdom may come. And that the whole world may know who we truly are, who they truly are, who we truly are together even now and forever for. We pray this in the way that Jesus taught us saying Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name,
 The kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us. Our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but Deliver Us from Evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen.
 Will you please remain standing for the prayer of the great Thanksgiving?
 The Lord be with you.
 Lift up your hearts.
 Let us give thanks to the Lord, our God.
 It is right in a good, A Joyful thing, always. And everywhere to give thanks to you almighty, God, creator of Heaven and Earth. Your throne is surrounded by a multitude of angels and living creatures. That praise your Holy Name forever. And so with your people on Earth and all the company of Heaven, We Praise Your Name and join their unending hymn. Holy, holy, holy Lord. God of power and might Heaven and Earth are full of your glory.
 Hosanna in the highest blessed. Is he? Who comes in the name of the Lord hosanna in the highest? Holy are you in blessed? Is your son Jesus Christ. He redeemed Saul on the road to Damascus, making him a witness to all that you had done and all that was yet to come
 Jesus healed, the sick, he raised the dead, he cast out demons and the brief time that he was with us, Jesus sided with the oppressed had compassion for those who suffer and gave dignity to women and children. He taught us in word and deed about a God who had been unable. We had been unable to understand
 And in spite of his glory, revealing presence among us. We turned him into a Man of Sorrows acquainted with grief.
 Jesus was persecuted by certain religious leaders and betrayed by one of his own. He was lied about tortured and hung on a cross to die yet, even on the day of his crucifixion. Jesus continued to teach those who would listen when evil people came with his betrayer. Jesus did not respond with violence. Choosing instead to remind us that those who live by the sword will die by the sword.
 When he was falsely accused and condemned to death, Jesus refused to do harm. And while hanging on the cross, he prayed, father, forgive them for they know not what they do.
 But we give you, thanks that nothing ever was or ever will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus, our lord and early on the third day, Jesus, laughed at death. He shed his grave clothes and walked Among Us Alive. 40 days later he ascended into heaven, where he is seated, at the right hand of God, of our ancestors, our eyes are turned towards the skies, looking for the day when Jesus shall return to whether a kingdom Without End.
 Where the lion will lie down peaceably with the lamb where sickness and disease are not known where the wicked will cease from troubling and we will study war, no more on the night in which he gave himself up for us. He took bread
 He gave, thanks to you.
 He broke the bread, he gave it to his disciples and said, take eat. This is my body, which is given for you do this in remembrance of me.
 And when the supper was over, he took the cup. He gave thanks to you. He gave it to his disciples and said, drink from this. All of you. This is my blood of the New Covenant poured out for you, and for many, for the Forgiveness of sins do this, as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. And so in remembrance of these, your Mighty acts in Jesus Christ, we offer ourselves and praise, and thanksgiving as a holy and Living Sacrifice in Union with Christ offering for us.
 As we proclaim, the mystery of Faith Christ has died. Christ is risen. Christ will come again. Pour out your Holy Spirit on us, gathered here. And on these gifts of bread and wine, make them be for us, the body, and blood of Christ that we might be for the world. The body of Christ Redeemed by his blood wonder-working. God, pour out your spirit upon us, as we offer ourselves to be God's presence in the world until
 Jesus returns in glory. And by your spirit, make us one with Christ. One with each other and one in Ministry to all the world until Christ comes and final Victory. And we Feast at his heavenly banquet through your son, Jesus Christ with the Holy Spirit, in your holy church, all honor and glory is yours almighty God now and forever.
 Amen.
 This morning as we celebrate the Eucharist, please let us observe these instructions. If you don't feel comfortable sharing, Holy Communion during this pandemic, we understand. And so does God
 If you do not wish to come forward to receive the sacrament, you can just simply remain in your seat or you can come forward and just cross your chest with your arms and we will give you a blessing instead, the ushers will direct us and they'll ask us to please come by this side. There will be two stations, you can stop at the first one or go to the sacko, and if that's available.
 When you come, there's hand sanitizing stations, and a tissue that you can place in your hand, we will dip the bread in the cup for you and then place it in your hands for social distancing. We ask that you would not kneel at the altar but if you feel you just must please observe, social distancing with others. Who are there as well, our bread this morning is not gluten-free but we do have gluten-free bread available in a separate chalice. Available view will indicate
 To come that you need such. We will be delighted to serve you that you're invited to join with the choir and singing as others are receiving the sacrament and let us rejoice and know that great joy that we are in communion at this table.
 With God through Christ.
 And with each other.
 and with all the world,
 The like the element eat.
 I see no one.
 Let us pray gracious, God?
 Thank you for this gift of your holy meal that sustains. Our faith reminds us of how loved we are and reminds us to go forth from this table to be Christ and to love your world that they are certain to know the truth. They are a child of God, loved by you and in relationship and fellowship with all of us.
 Dear Lord, help our world to begin to practice this truth as we, your church or more faithful to share it in the Name of Christ. Our Lord we pray. Amen.
