Good morning.
Good morning.
 Welcome to Greece for First United Methodist Church. And we're delighted that you are here in person worshiping with us. And we're also delighted for those of you who are joining us live stream today or who are watching this service later on are recorded video. Thank you for your presence and for your participation in the service of worship. You'll find those of you who are here in person, a registration pad in a chair, somewhere near yours. And if you will take that black registration pad and
 Register your attendance that will be so helpful for us. So we will know who are here. Also, if you're visiting with us, we especially welcome you. And if you could provide us your some kind of contact, we would love to welcome you even more so during this week. So, please be faithful with that. When you have finished registering your attendance pass it along. So everybody who's sitting near you can register their attendance as well. And then if you'll make way to pass those back to the center aisle, they'll be collected at the
 the end of the service.
 This morning our staff Parish relations chair mr. Rob Mitchell has a special announcement for the congregation and after he has finished his announcement, Miss gay. Like erhu is cheering up our soup. Kitchen committee will also make an announcement. And when she has finished with her announcement, would you please stand and join us in singing the processional him as we welcome the Light of Christ and worship with the Assurance of Christ's presence with us here in this place. Rob.
 Good morning this past week. Mark the appointment of clergy in the United Methodist Church for the coming church year and we were notified by our district superintendent. That Pastor Matt has been reappointed to our church for this coming church here. So please join me in recognition of past the match.
 Good morning.
 Wonderful things are happening here in Greensboro, United Methodist Church and I'm thrilled and excited to tell you about a new committee that we have formed. Seeing the need to help feed the hungry in our community. A core group of our members has formed a soup kitchen committee. Our mission is to provide Christ centered services to our local community.
 Feeding the hungry with dignity and compassion. Everyone is welcome. Regardless of race religious beliefs or financial resources. We have been in close contact with the Episcopal Church of the Redeemer. On Main Street, they have been supplying, a free lunch, a cold lunch for about a year and a half. Now, once a month and they are feeding about 40.
 Five to eighty five people each month, we've also been in contact with the Presbyterian church on Main Street. That is right next to the post office and they just started this month with a hot lunch that they're providing for the community.
 The Presbyterian Church has taken the first Saturday of the month, and the Episcopal church has taken the third Saturday of the month. So it is our plan to start with the second Saturday of each month. Starting on Saturday, June, the 12th from 11 to 1. At our North Campus, we will furnish a sandwich soup chips desert and the
 Piece of fruit. We will be setting up in the Breezeway between the church and the Family Life Center and we will be giving out a bag. Lunch, we are very blessed. We have had a local charitable organization that has pledged to fund our soup kitchen for now.
 So we want to start out in a small way but our vision is for one day to have a real soup kitchen a place where sit-down meals are served and the body as well as the soul is nourished so that no one goes away hungry or without hope. So what do we need? We need you. We have to have volunteers to make this a success.
 We need people to make the desserts cooking, the soup on Friday and help on Saturday making sandwiches begging the desert assembly the bag. Lunches, we need men to set up the table and take it down and we also need help with the publicity. Now we already have a publicity chairman, but she needs help putting Flyers out in the community each month and would, if someone
 Really good at writing for the newspaper. We certainly want to have some publicity in the newspaper and pictures and there's all other sorts of things. So after the service, the committee will be out in the north X wearing a red apron to answer any questions you may have and they will have sign up boards. And we also have some sign ups around the round table out in the north X.
 It is our hope that we will get enough volunteers that we will only need to ask you maybe every few months to help serve and help us. Unless you want to come after that. Saturday each month we'll be glad to have you. And we're also looking for anyone who would like to join our committee because we're always open to two more ideas. So with the clothes, I'd like to read a Bible verse from John chapter 6,
 Verse 35 then Jesus declared I am the bread of life, whoever comes to me will never go hungry and whoever believes in me will never go thirsty. Thank you.
 The grace and peace of the Risen Christ. Be with you. The Risen Christ is with us. Amen. Will you pray with me?
 Great. Shepherd of Oscar sheep.
 We thank you for the way that you truly tend to us so that we have no want.
 you provide cool streams for us to drink and to be refreshed by
 You provide Green Pastures for us to lay down and to find rest.
 You lead us in the past that we should go. That honor you
 You are with us in the darkest and the most dangerous stretches of the journey.
 We praise you for all that you are to us and for your goodness.
 And for your willingness to meet us, even this day in this place.
 Help us with all that we are and with the empowerment of your Holy Spirit within us.
 To worship you and to praise you and to hear yet again your words of life and your words of guidance, this day in the Name of Christ. We pray, amen. You may be seated.
 A reading from first, John chapter 3 verses 16 through 24. This is how we know, love, Jesus laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters. But if someone has material possessions and sees a brother or sister in need, but refuses to help, how can the love of God, dwell in a person like that.
 Little children, let us not love with words or speech, but with action and Truth. This is how we will know that we belong to the truth and reassure our hearts for God's presence. Even in our hearts, if our hearts condemn us God is greater than our hearts and knows. All things, dear friends. If our hearts don't condemn us, we have confidence in relationship to God. We receive whatever we ask from him because we keep his
 And minutes and do what pleases him. This is his Commandment that we believe in the name of his son. Jesus Christ and love each other. As he has commanded us, those who keep his Commandments dwelleth in God and God, dwells in them. This is how we know that he dwells in us because of the spirit, he has given us the word of the Lord.
 If you're able, would you stand for the reading of the Gospel?
 The Lord be with you.
 A reading from The Gospel According to st. John.
 Jesus said, I am the Good Shepherd. The Good Shepherd, lays down his life, for the Sheep.
 When The Hired Hand sees the wolf coming, he leaves the sheep and runs away, that's because he isn't the shepherd, the Sheep aren't really his. So the wolf attacks, the sheep and scatters them, he's only a Hired Hand and the Sheep. Don't matter to him.
 I am the Good Shepherd. I know my own sheep and Mama and they know me just as the father knows me and I know the father
 I give up my life for the Sheep.
 I have other sheep that don't belong to this sheet pain. I must lead them to
 they will listen to my voice and there will be one flock with one Shepherd.
 This is why the father loves me, I give up my life so that I can take it up again. No one takes it from me, but I give it up because I want to, I have the right to give it up and I have the right to take it up again. I received this commandment from my father, this is the gospel of the Lord.
 Thank you. You may be seated.
 So today is the fourth Sunday of Easter. And the fourth Sunday of Easter is often referred to as Shepherd Sunday, because it's a Sunday in the Christian year, when the lectionary readings, always focus on the fact that Jesus is the Good Shepherd.
 Thus in the gospel lesson that we've just heard Jesus calls himself, the Good Shepherd, and he Compares how he lays down his life for sheep like us for all the world.
 And he does. So in comparison to a Hired Hand, who would not lay down his life for his sheep, but when the Sheep are threatened, The Hired Hand runs away and Jesus says, the reason that a hard hand would do that is because the Sheep don't matter to him.
 They're not really his.
 We continue today. Also our Focus that we are doing during this Easter season on the book of First John and the theme of. So now what the resurrection has happened. So now what and we realize that Easter people now do as Yeezus commanded and why does exactly is it that Jesus commands of Oz
 What is it that marks us as Christian people what is it? That makes us Shepherds of a sheep. Are sheep of a shepherd.
 What is that?
 Well, the writer of First John joins with several other scripture Riders and saying that this is what Jesus commands, it's in two parts. The first is that we entrust Our Lives to Jesus that, we believe what he says that we believe him.
 And the second is that we would love each other.
 Those are the two Commandments. Those are the two things that Mark us is Christian people. Those are the two things that we are all about.
 Of course, the next question always is, but what does it mean to love people?
 What does love look like?
 Well, as Mike Morgan would say I'm glad you asked that question.
 Because the writer of First, John answers it for us.
 This is how we know love.
 Jesus laid down his life for us.
 And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters.
 That's love.
 Love is to me raw Jesus in our lives because as the writer will say later in this book, God is love.
 To love our brothers and sisters is to mirror the very being of God to them. The God, we know, the God, we have come to know. The god that we understand that loves us so Easter people that we are, we entrust Our Lives to Jesus the Christ realizing that we are the children of God. And as such as sheep and the Sheep pen, we are called to be for our neighbor.
 Just as Jesus is for us to be a Shepherd to them just as easy as his to us to care about them and not be like a Hired Hand to them, but to realize that we truly are our Brother's Keeper. We are our Sister's Keeper. We are Neighbor's Keeper.
 And that's what distinguishes us, they will know that we are Christians.
 Bar love.
 Earlier this month, you have probably heard the story and some of you may even have known very well Kim. McGrady from Dunwoody
 Kim was walking along the beach when he heard people yelling from the water.
 He jumped in and saved three people before he drowned himself.
 He literally did what Jesus showed us. Kim exemplified love of neighbor by allowing his compassion, and his concern, for his neighbor. Being his Neighbor's, Keeper to override his very strong Instinct that we all have for self-preservation.
 He laid down his life literally, for his neighbors.
 Neighbors, whose names he didn't even know.
 But he saw a neighbor and need a brother and sister in trouble and he did what he could do.
 And he put his own safety at risk in hopes of maybe saving another.
 And another rescue on Panama City Beach recently, multiple people risk their lives to form a human chain and to reach out into the water to rescue more persons, who were caught in a Riptide.
 If you think about a human chain, what a beautiful image of the church, the body of Christ, then how we cooperate with one another and how we join hands and arms and locked together, realizing that we can do even Greater Works of love when we work together.
 And we can love our neighbors even better than we can as just individuals.
 But why do such why put one's own life in jeopardy?
 Why deny one their life? Why deny a family and espouse their spouse and a father?
 Why do that?
 Some people would call that crazy. Some people would call that irresponsible, some people would call that a lot of different things and just not understand.
 But we Easter people, we children of God, we sheep of the pastor of the Good Shepherd, we understand. Because once we believe Jesus,
 And we are certain that we are the children of God, whom God loves and watches over as a Shepherd figure for us.
 Then we just mirror of what we know.
 We mirror to the world. What we have experienced in Christ.
 We mirror for the world.
 the one who calls us his children, The God Who is for us and with us and in US,
 And and love is not something that we do on our own love is God.
 It is mirroring the god that we know to the world.
 And this is how we know law of, we just do like Jesus did and he lay down his life for us and we lay down our lives, for our neighbors. And we don't run like Hired Hands, who run out of the lack of concern and another lack of compassion. Instead, we mirror the Good Shepherd who is full of love, who is always for us? Who is always there with us?
 And who abides in US?
 But laying on our lives, doesn't just mean that we do one heroic act in a lifetime of giving our lives to someone or something. Instead the rider first, John makes it fairly clear that when we see a neighbor a brother or a sister and they're in need
 and remember Jesus taught us who our neighbor was everybody.
 We don't run like Hired Hands when we see a neighbor in need, instead, we put love into action because love is not just an emotion, or a feeling of compassion, it is law of enacted.
 And we lay down our lives for our neighbors.
 Gail Iker has just shared with us about the ministry of the food bank, how exciting. And many of you have already signed up to help with that and, and many more, I know will sign up to help with that this morning and thank you for that.
 And the food bank is just one way of how our hearts are open to respond to our neighbors in love that if we have a neighbor who needs something and we can do something about that, we do it because well that's just who we are. That's the kind of Shepherd we follow. That's the kind of God, we know,
 And we mirror that.
 When we see our neighbor in need we act, we love we witness that we are in this together. As children of God, with all of God's children,
 We mirror God's love as we share a meal as we pull up a chair and offer not only just food but that we offer also fellowship and relationship and love of our neighbor who's in need and we reflect God's love.
 We reflect the Good Shepherd who lays down his life and we do the same.
 We take the time we take the effort, we even put ourselves in places of, that's not so comfortable.
 So that our neighbors might know.
 That we care.
 That we care for who they are and we care about them.
 So we lay down our lives, for our neighbors, by sharing our resources, our finances, our food, our time, our conversation, our advocacy are true, compassion and care. That's real. And that's true. And we love our neighbor as if they were our self.
 What would we want people to do if we were in the same situation? How would we want people to treat us and relate to us?
 We'd be thankful. If they hand us some food, we would be even more thankful if they would share that food with us and really care about us and get to know us.
 This is Love and this is what sets us apart from the world that runs like Hired Hands and preserving, one's own life with little regard for their neighbors life.
 And what the world has always needed. As the song says, is law of true love.
 For without love life of others become. So devalued and South.
 Become so self-evaluate or South valuation becomes so inflated.
 without love hearts clothes and compassion and Care become rare while self-interest becomes ubiquitous along with bitterness and anger, and deep degrees of hatred,
 The need of neighbors, not a dress. But instead is countered with jealousy and fear, that someone might actually receive something they didn't deserve.
 And jealousy and anger, and bitterness, and self-interest and degrees of hatred leads to acts of violence and the taking of life.
 Taking the life of another.
 Has become just an everyday occurrence in our society.
 We just don't value our neighbor.
 And while we debate about where gun control crosses, the line to the right to bear arms, we fail to recognize what truly is missing.
 Where is love?
 Where is compassion?
 Where is that kind of Shepherd - that our Shepherd showed us and exemplified for us.
 And said, as I have loved you, you are to love each other.
 What the world needs?
 Is last hard hands.
 And more embodiment enactment of the love of the Good Shepherd, who lays down his life for others. This is our call. This is Who We Are.
 We've entrusted Our Lives to the Christ who loves us so much and we love each other. We love all others in the way that we have been loved and so while the world chooses to hate and while the world chooses to turn a blind eye to Injustice, while the world continues to be fanatical about my rights, my freedoms, my pleasure, while the world continues to devour each other, and devour another before they devour you,
 Why the world continues to not allow compassion to motivate acts of self? Giving love the body of Christ is different. We are a people who are different because we are always doing just the opposite refusing to turn our heads refusing to pretend it's not, we are a people who love and we are a people who care and the world just doesn't understand that because they don't, yet know the shepherd. And so they don't understand the Sheep but once we convince them that they are part of this same sheet.
 Pain and that the same Shepherd who cares for us, cares for them. And they witnessed that through our tangible Acts.
 The world begins to change the world becomes transformed as Jesus Promised.
 And folks is really all that matters.
 We get so tied up as Christians sometimes and what's good and what's bad and what's real and what's not and and yet the only thing that matters is love, I mean code the rider of Galatians have said it any stronger or any better for in Christ Jesus. He said neither circumcision nor uncircumcision counts for anything. The only thing that counts is Faith working through, love nothing else matters.
 Pretend We're people of faith if we will, but if we don't know how to love, we don't know the shepherd.
 And if we do know how to love, even if we claim, we don't know. The shepherd, we certainly must do.
 because he's reflected in our very being
 if our faith is working through love.
 And if the love of Jesus, the kind of love that lays down, one's life, for another is being lived out in US.
 And that is what God is observing.
 That is what God is witnessing.
 And that is what our lives are reflecting and witnessing to the world.
 and the writer of First, John says that when we keep these Commandments of trusting Our Lives to Jesus and loving each other,
 God will help us.
 Because it's not easy.
 Oh, it's difficult to love people, sometimes.
 It's not easy.
 It's easy to love those who love you back. Jesus sad.
 But it's really difficult to love those who are indifferent to you.
 And even worse, those who would do you harm?
 But that's where Christian love begins to shine forth as not just a kind of love, but real love.
 And when we are striving to keep those Commandments God will help us.
 We will receive whatever we ask. So long as we're asking for help to love our neighbors better.
 To love our neighbors as we love ourselves.
 God will help us.
 And this is our witness that God, the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. The one who's forest with us. And in US is truly at the center of our Lives because we are loving
 And we're loving better today than yesterday, and we will love better tomorrow than even today.
 And when we say, we love we put that love into action.
 By being willing to lay our lives down.
 That others may have life.
 So brothers and sisters.
 Follow sheep of the sheep pen.
 Let us grow in our witness and in love for each other. And for all the world because this is the main thing.
 And let's always keep the main thing. The main thing among us.
 And as our witness to all the world and the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, we pray. Amen. Will you pray with me?
 Gracious. God we give witness and testimony this today to all the world and to each other and to even ourselves that we have been love very well.
 You have not withheld yourself from us in any way, but you have given yourself to us.
 And continue to give yourself to us.
 In ways that just cannot be described with words but that are just truly amazing.
 No matter how bad a sheet, we are, how how rebellious we are.
 Your love for us, never ends.
 when we stray, and when we run away at any point in time, we turn around you are standing there with open arms to receive us and invite us and to celebrate
 That the one who is lost has come home.
 Gracious. God.
 Will you please help us to reflect the love that we have experienced in you to each other?
 Would you help us to stay in the places where we are still broken and hurting in the places that we are in need?
 and the places that we have been oppressed,
 and the places where we grieve places, where we don't understand what's going on,
 Thank you for your faithfulness to be our Good Shepherd.
 Not to run away from us, but to run to us.
 And to help us.
 The ways you help us help our neighbor. Would you help our neighbor through us?
 If we are the source of their hurt or the source of their oppression or the source of just their frustrations, would you help us?
 To stop.
 And instead of shortening, and instead of running away, would you just fill us with a compassion and a love like yours.
 That is yours.
 And help our neighbors through us.
 Would you teach us how to be a better church? More? Loving Church.
 Your church in all the world.
 Would you teach our world how to be a better Humanity?
 A more loving people.
 That did not focus so much on those things that divide us and separate us and makes us different.
 But that celebrates our diversity.
 And calls us to truly love and care. Not in words or feelings only but in action. And in truth
 Dear Lord. This is our prayer. This is our true hearts desire.
 Would you help us?
 For it is in the Name of Christ. Our Lord we pray. Amen.
 So, does anybody ever get aggravated with mask?
 Christ, Our Lord invites to his table, all who love him who earnestly, repent of their sin and who seek to live in peace with one another. If we're honest with ourselves, our heart condemn us
 But God, who knows everything is greater than our own hearts and God's deep desire for us as mercy and love and peace. Therefore, let us confess our sin.
 Lord have mercy on us. We talk about love but our actions betray us we talk about love but we neglect the poor. We talk about love but we fail to love one. Another Lord have mercy on us, forgive us and abide in Us by the power of your Holy Spirit.
 So that our Lives May show our love for Jesus Christ in whose body we live and in whose name we pray.
 And all the people said we seek God's grace with boldness because we trust in Jesus Christ. The one who loves us and laid down his life for us. The good news of the Gospel, is this in the name of Jesus Christ, you are forgiven.
 Glory to God and our men, the Peace of Christ. Be with you this morning, as we offer, are tangible offerings to Christ. We ask you to bring those forward, into place them in the baskets that are here on the kneeling rail.
 Please do that. As we hear this offering of music from our choir,
 I should.
 Extreme evil.
 We please remain standing if you are able for the prayer of the great Thanksgiving.
 The Lord be with you lift up your hearts. Let us give thanks to the Lord. Our God.
 It is right in a good and joyful thing always and everywhere to give our thanks and praise o, God to you, you are Our Shepherd and we lack nothing that we need. You got is two Springs of Living Water. You comfort us when Afflicted and Grant peace to our souls, you tend us with goodness and love and so with your people on Earth and all the company of Heaven, We Praise Your Name and join their unending hymn.
 Holy holy, holy Lord, God of power and might Heaven and Earth are full of your glory hosanna in. The highest blessed. Is he who comes in the name of the Lord hosanna in the highest? Holy are you and blessed is your son Jesus Christ. He is the Good Shepherd, he knows his flock and we know him when he was cast into death dark Valley, you raised him to New Life. Now, he lives forever and Shepherds. All
 Look to You for salvation. You wipe the tears from our eyes and spread a table before us so that we might feed forever from your abundant goodness and hunger and thirst No More. By the baptism of his suffering, death and Resurrection, you gave birth to your church, delivered Us From Slavery to sin and death and made with us. A new covenant by water and the spirit.
 On the night in which he gave himself up for us. Jesus Took bread, gave thanks to you broke the bread and gave it to his disciples and said, take eat. This is my body, which is broken and given for you. Do this in remembrance of me and when the supper was over, he took the cup. He gave thanks to you. He gave it to his disciples and said, drink from this. All of you for this is my blood of the New Covenant poured out for you and for many, for the Forgiveness of sins do this, as often as,
 You drink it in remembrance of me. And so in remembrance of these, your Mighty acts in Jesus Christ, we offer ourselves and praise and thanksgiving as a holy and Living Sacrifice in Union with Christ offering for us as we proclaim the mystery of Faith Christ has died. Christ is risen. Christ will come again. Pour out your Holy Spirit on us, gathered here. And on these gifts of bread and wine, making them be for us, the body and blood
 blood of Christ that we may be for the world. The body of Christ Redeemed by his blood, by your spirit, make us one with Christ, one with each other and one in Ministry to all the world until Christ comes and final Victory. And we Feast at the heavenly banquet through your son, Jesus Christ with the Holy Spirit, in your holy church, honor and glory is yours almighty God, now and forever.
 And with the confidence of the children of God, we pray, Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us. Our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. For thine is the kingdom
 And the power and the glory forever.
 You may be seated.
 As we celebrate the Eucharist today, please let us observe these instructions. If you do not yet feel comfortable, sharing a meal in this time of pandemic, we understand. And God understands. If you do not wish to receive, you may just remain seated or you. Matt come with your arms crossed across your chest and we will just bless you. The ushers will give us directions coming by the center aisle, and returning to our seat on the sides as they
 Come are as they give direction. If you cannot come, if you will let them know that will be glad to bring two elements to you in your seat. When you do come there sanitizing stations here to sanitize your hands to take a tissue and put in your hands if you wish and then as you come with Open Hands to the station we will dip a piece of bread in the juice and place it in your hands. And that way, our bread is not gluten-free. However, if you want gluten-free bread, if you
 You'll come to this station and let me know. We'll be glad to serve you the gluten-free chalice and bread for social distancing purposes, please don't come and kneel at the altar. If you feel that you just must do that, please observe social distancing with others who are dealing and praying and let us join together and singing with the choir as others are receiving this sacrament.
 Gracious. God.
 Thank you for this table.
 For this meal, by which we are fed.
 not only of our physical being with physical bread, but
 Where our faith in your love and in your grace is renewed and strengthened and deepened.
 And enable us to arise from this table of love.
 And to go and witness and mirror such love to all the world and the name of Christ we pray. Amen.
 Would you receive a stand to receive this dismissal with blessing?
 So brothers and sisters. We are so blessed to be loved, so dearly and graciously and mercifully by God.
 Just go forth from this place and as you live your life mirror, what you have witnessed in God and lay down your life for others. Just as Christ has laid his life down for you. And let us truly be Christ to this world in the name of the father, in the name of the son, in the name of the holy spirit. Amen.
