Good morning and welcome to Greensboro First United Methodist Church. We are so delighted that you have joined us for our in-person worship service today. And for those of you who are joining us via livestream or on a recorded video, we welcome you as well and thank you for your presence and for your participation in this time of worship. For all of you who are visiting for the very first time at Greensboro First, United Methodist Church or who are tuning in to see our service for the very first time. Thank you.
And welcome. And we're so delighted that you're here. Hope that you'll come and join us in worship with us as often as you are able. So, those of you who are here in person, if you will, please find a registration pad that is sitting there in your pot of chairs and pass it along. So that everyone who's in your row can register their attendance this morning that will help us tremendously. And those of you who are visiting, if you'll please, give us your contact information in the registration pad. There we
 would love to welcome you even more in the week to come. Please remember also that our worship bulletin is emailed each Friday to those on our email list and it's also available on our website for you to print that off. If you would like to have a paper bulletin, while you're here in worship, otherwise our projections on the screen will lead us through our order of worship.
 The rosebuds on the pulpit this morning. Our first of all in, congratulations to Milton and Mary cross Y and they are the proud grandparents of Michael Struthers Mitchell. And Michael was born on Saturday, April 10th. And his parents are Michael and Abigail Mitchell. And one of the rosebuds are is in honor of him and congratulations to Milton and marry. The other one is an honor of
 Maverick Hancock Miller, who is the grandson of Tony and Linda Hancock. And he was born Friday, April, the second and Richmond Richmond Hills Texas. His parents are Laura and Ken Miller. His big brother is Trey and congratulations, Tony, and Linda. And the other rows bed is in honor of Maverick this morning.
 so at this time, if you are able, would you stand as we sing Our processional him and as we welcome the Light of Christ into this place,
 With a Grace and peace of the Lord, Jesus Christ be with you. The Risen Christ is with us.
 Let us pray together gracious. God, we are thankful for your call to this place calling us to Common to be with you.
 To come away from all the things that so easily distract us. And to have this time of intentionality in your presence, remembering again, you are great and awesome love of us.
 And reminding us of how great and awesome. You truly are.
 We pray that your Holy Spirit might and power us and help us to sing and tell of your goodness.
 And to truly worship you in this place. So focus, our hearts, in our minds, upon you for you are the one we have come to worship.
 And help us with all that is within us to do that, which would bring you great joy and honor in the Name of Christ. We pray, amen. You may be seated.
 Good morning.
 Dear friends. Let's love each other, because love is from God. And everyone knows who love is born from God and knows. God the person who doesn't love, does not know God because God is love. This is how the love of God is revealed to us. God has sent his only son into the world so that we can live through him. This is love. It is not that we have loved God but that he loved us. And sent his son as a sacrifice.
 It deals with our sins.
 Dear friends. If God loved us this way. We also ought to love each other. No one has ever seen God, if we love each other, God remains in us and his love is made. Perfect in us. This is how we know we remain in him and he remains in us because he has given us a measure of his Spirit. We have seen and testify that the father has sent the son to be the savior of the world if any of us confess.
 That Jesus is God's son, God remains in us and we remain in God, we have known and have believed that love that God has for us. God is love and those who remain in love, remaining God, and God remains in them. This is how love has been perfected in us so that we can have confidence on the Judgment Day because we are exactly the same as God is in this world. There is no fear in love, but perfect. Love drives out fear.
 Because fuhrer expects punishment. The person who is afraid has not been made perfect in love, we love because God, first loved us. If anyone says I love God and hates a brother or sister. He is a liar because of the person doesn't love a brother or sister. Who can be, who can be seen? Cannot love God. Who can't be seen this commandment. We have
 From him, those who claim to love. God, ought to love their brother and sister also,
 So Friday, I attended the funeral of Clara, Helen Butler.
 Over in Cummings.
 She and her parents and grandparents and even great-grandparent are dear friends of ours like adopted family.
 I wanted to share with you this morning to begin our Sermon. Just the opening paragraph of her obituary that her family put together. It reads this
 Clara Helen, Butler 17.
 Of Lawrenceville Georgia passed away unexpectedly in her home on Wednesday. April 21 2021. Eight days after her 17th birthday. As a result of an accidental drug overdose.
 While her death was tragic.
 There is much more to her story.
 The service was a celebration of Claire Helens life.
 A celebration of her story.
 A celebration of how she loved all God's creatures, great and small. And how she would sneak rabbits and anything else she could find in the animal world and to her home,
 Stories of how she loved others, like the homeless lady outside the store who On a Winter's day. Claire Helen could not just pass by
 But she went back to her car. Got her coat and gave it to the lady.
 And then went into the store and bought her food and brought back to her.
 It was a story about how many people she had convinced through her lifetime of just 17 years.
 That God loves them.
 And how many of her peers, some friends and some strangers?
 Were now Disciples of Jesus. The Christ, because of her Witness.
 There's always a lot more to one story than his obvious.
 There's more to your story.
 And there's more to my story.
 Then, others know.
 There's also more to the story of those who are very close to us whose story we think we know very well.
 There's also more to the story of strangers whose story. We assume that we know just because we had one interaction with them.
 In my closet at home, there is a dark navy suit.
 I wore it Friday to Claire Helens funeral.
 But somewhere over here on the sleeve of that suit, if you look really closely, there's a tiny little pinhole, a moth got hold of it.
 And as much as I like that suit that navy blue suit, I don't refer to it as the navy blue suit anymore.
 And I really don't like wearing it. I've almost discarded it a couple of times because the only thing I know about that navy blue suit is that it has this little pin hole over here in it. I probably wore it Friday and not one single person knew that pin hole was there but I knew it was there and the whole time I wore that suit I was thinking I hope nobody sees this little pin hole.
 It's not just the way we treat our clothes.
 It's the way that we treat ourselves.
 And it's the way that we sometimes treat others.
 no matter how beautiful the face, all we can see is that big zit
 or that extra large nose.
 Or maybe that hair that just will not lay down.
 No matter how friendly, and loving and kind.
 All we can see is that one has more weight on them than they should.
 And no matter how gorgeous that shirt is that we're wearing, it's that one little stain right there that we focus on.
 It's kind of like somebody shared with me the other day if you hold up a whole sheet of paper, white paper and you ask, what is this? Everybody says this sheet of white paper. Put a little dot on the paper of ink and then ask what you see and everybody talks about that one little dot. Nobody talks about the white sheet of paper anymore. It's just the one little Dot.
 Is it that us?
 A perfect father, had two children.
 He provided everything, those two children could possibly need and and dwelt with them in Paradise.
 And surely nothing could go wrong with such a perfect set up. A perfect father who was always present Who provided for his children's every need and who lived with them in Paradise.
 But you know the story.
 Things did go wrong pretty quickly.
 And the father came walking along one day and his children ran and hid from him.
 And the father called out, where are you?
 And one of his children answered, I heard you were in our midst.
 And I was afraid.
 Because I was naked.
 so, I hid
 and the father asked his child, who told you that
 Who told us that we should be afraid of God.
 Who told us that we should run and hide?
 Who told us that we should be ashamed and God's presence rather than being authentically just who we are.
 Blemishes and all.
 Who told us that we had to be perfect?
 To be loved.
 Who told us that God would focus only on the defects?
 And wouldn't know our entire story.
 Dear friends. God is always loving us.
 And when we like the prodigal son and Jesus parable, go running away. God is loving us while we run.
 And when we turn around and come back home, God is loving us.
 And even while we're staying close at home and never run away, God is loving us.
 but what matters is not, whether we stay or Ron, what really matters is
 While we're living.
 Are we living in God's love? That is steadfast and eternal.
 Are we living in something else?
 Those who know, God know that God is always loving us.
 I agree with William Sloane coffin. When he said the opposite of love is not hate. The opposite of Love is fear.
 We no longer believe the lie that we need to be afraid and expect punishment from God. Instead, the writer of First, John tells us we have known and have believed the love that God has for us.
 We Trust in it. This is where we find our confidence. That even on the judgement day, we will not need to run and hide. Instead, we will stand confidently, and God's presence, not because we are there without any blemishes or any holes.
 Or because we are deserving to be there.
 But we will stand there confidently only because we believe God loves us.
 Loves us so much.
 That the father has sent the son to be the savior of the world.
 And we love.
 Because God first loved us.
 We love well, because we know that we are being well-loved.
 It's only the child who can give love is only the child who has received love.
 We forgive well, because we know that we've been forgiven. Well, we provide a safe and gracious, place for others to be themselves because we know God who has provided a gracious and safe place for us to be ourselves. We look beyond the defects and differences of others because we know a God who looks beyond our faults and sees only our needs and provides what we need in love.
 It is our relationship with God or more. The relationship God has with us, that calls us to have such relationships with each other.
 We only do.
 as we have known God to do to us,
 My doctoral thesis was about how United methodists do funerals.
 and the need for us and time of funeral services to keep a balance between celebrating the life of the one who is deceased,
 And proclaiming the gospel of Resurrection.
 And when I prepare a sermon for a funeral, I'm always looking for the places where the deceased person has exemplified Christ in their lives.
 Where they have made Christ tangible to us.
 And do you know that I have never failed to find something?
 Some place where that was true, even in the lives of people, who would never have thought they make rice tangible at all, even in the lives of people who said, I don't even believe in Christ.
 I've always been able to find someplace that they exemplify Christ to us.
 and I believe what happens is that, we find that for which we are looking for,
 We find that for which we are looking for.
 Do you see the nice blue suit?
 Or are you looking for the pinhole?
 Do you see the tragedy?
 Or do you know there's more to the story?
 I always remember the joke.
 About the two guys in a small town who were brothers and both of them were meanest snakes.
 Just as mean as the day was long.
 And one day one of the brothers died.
 And the other brother came to the preacher and said to the preacher. There's a thousand dollars in this. You neural for you if you can say my brother was a good man.
 The preacher thought for a minute and he said, you got a deal.
 So, at the funeral service, the preacher got up and he just was honest. He told all the bad things, this man had done that, he was mean as a snake as mean, as the day was long.
 But he summed up the man's life saying. But in comparison to his brother, he was a good man.
 If we look hard enough,
 we can see there's more to the story.
 if we truly get to know each other,
 we know there's more to all life.
 But it's all about what we're looking for.
 And I often wonder why it is that we have to wait till somebody dies.
 Begin to see their true. Good attributes.
 Why is it till they die? We can only see the bad.
 And yet death, we become more compassionate.
 We become more loving.
 And we began to seek and to find who this person really was.
 Wouldn't it be great if we could just learn to live with such love and forgiveness, and mercy, and Grace, and generosity now.
 And not just reserved it for when each other are dead.
 In treating others in this light, it might just allow them to be open to God's transformation for them.
 It might just allow us to be open to God's transformation of us.
 This commandment we have from God, those who claim to love. God ought to love their brother and sister. Also, I mean, if you know, love your ought to be loved.
 So dear friends, let us love each other.
 Because love is from God.
 And everyone who loves is born from God and knows God.
 The Lord. Let it be for me, let it be for us, immerse us O, Lord in your love. So that there's no room left in us for fear only room for love along in the name of the God who is for us, who is with us and who is in US? Amen.
 Will you pray with me?
 God, who is always loving us?
 Loving us when we love and return and loving us, even when we Rebel and run away from your love.
 loving us when we get it, all right, and loving us, when we get it all wrong,
 loving us when we acknowledge that, we've gotten it all wrong and loving us when in our ignorance and arrogance
 We have yet to see our faults and failures.
 Oh God. We pray this day that you're loved.
 Would help us to truly be a more forgiving people.
 That's you send us into a world not to see The Faults of everybody.
 But to see the good.
 Not to focus on Humanity's capacity for evil, but to focus on Humanity's capacity for good. Especially when we come to know you,
 The God, Who is good and who is created us.
 Lord, we pray that you would send us Force into your world to be a more trusting people.
 To trust your love of us.
 And not to live our lives, in fear and hiding.
 But to know that we can fully be ourselves authentically and we can confess the truth.
 For you are a god who's not out to punish us, but out to love us and to change us.
 To make us new.
 And help us learn how to trust each other.
 Not to live in suspicions of our neighbors.
 And not to think that just because we walk by someone in a grocery store aisle that we know them.
 That we have some them up and can write their story. There's much more to their story than that.
 Teach us how to trust.
 And send us into your world Lord, to be more daring.
 To not be afraid.
 But to live our lives and to put them at risk to even lay them down for each other.
 Knowing that you are with us.
 That you will sustain us.
 That you will be with us every day of this life.
 You will be with us in our deaths.
 And you will be with us in the Life to Come.
 Help us to truly be a people of Faith. Have loved a people who are just like you in this world, loving caring, compassionate, kind gentle patient.
 Full of joy full of generosity faithful.
 And self-control.
 Allow your spirit to live in US produce much fruit through us for. This is our prayer that we pray in the Name of Christ Our Lord, amen.
 So Christ, Our Lord invites to his table, all who love him who earnestly repent of their sin and who seek to live and peace with one another. Therefore let us confess our sin before God. And before one another
 Source of love and life. Your Glory knows, no bounds. We yearn to set aside our fears, but we are often afraid. We long to love our sisters and brothers, but we often feel alienated from them. We desire to abide in you as you abide in us, but we can't seem to figure out how
 Show us once more how to love for Only Love Can cast out our fear, show us how to love one another well for only. Then can we truly know you show us how to abide in your Vine for only then can we bear the fruit that glorifies your name?
 And all the people said, amen. When we abide in Christ, we abide in the vine of love and grace abide in the vine, and receive Mercy beyond measure and hear the good news of the Gospel, in the name of Jesus Christ, you are forgiven,
 Glory to God and all men, the Peace of Christ be with you.
 Amen. Let Us offer ourselves as forgiving and reconcile people now to God, and as we bring our gifts forward, let us also hear the offering that the choir will make of music.
 Little drop of water.
 If you're able, please remain standing for the prayer of the great Thanksgiving.
 The Lord be with you.
 Lift up your hearts.
 Let us give thanks to the Lord, our God.
 It is right in a good and joyful thing, always and everywhere to give, thanks to you almighty. God, creator of Heaven and Earth you have made us through love. And through love, we have our being we can love because you first loved us. And so with your people on Earth and all the company of Heaven, We Praise Your Name and join their unending hymn, holy, holy, holy Lord, God, of power and might
 Heaven and Earth are full of your glory hosanna in the highest blessed. Is he who comes in the name of the Lord hosanna in the highest? Holy are you and blessed is your son, Jesus. Christ your spirit. Anointed him to preach. Good news to the poor to Proclaim release to the captives. And to set at Liberty, those who are oppressed. And to announce that the time had come, when you would save your people, he healed the sick,
 Fed the hungry and ate with Sinners. And by the baptism of his suffering, death and Resurrection, you gave birth to your church, delivered Us From Slavery to sin and death and made with us. A new covenant by water and the spirit on the night in which Jesus gave himself up for us. He took bread. He gave thanks to you. He broke the bread, he gave it to his disciples and said, Take and Eat. This is my body which is given for you do this.
 This in remembrance of me and when the supper was over, he took the cup, he gave thanks to you. He gave it to his disciples and he said, drink from this. All of you. This is my blood of the New Covenant poured out for you, and for many, for the Forgiveness of sins do this, as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. And so in remembrance of these, your Mighty acts in Jesus Christ, we offer ourselves and praise and
 Thanksgiving as a holy and Living Sacrifice in Union with Christ offering for us as we proclaim the mystery of Faith Christ has died. Christ is risen. Christ will come again. Pour out your Holy Spirit on us, gathered here. And on these gifts of bread and wine, make them be for us, the body and blood of Christ that we may be for the world. The body of Christ Redeemed by his blood
 And by your spirit, make us one with Christ, one with each other and one in Ministry to all the world until Christ comes and final Victory. And we Feast at the heavenly banquet through your son, Jesus Christ with the Holy Spirit in your holy church. All honor and glory is yours almighty God, now and forever. Amen. And now with the confidence of the children of God, let us pray, Our Father Who Art in Heaven
 I'd be thy name, thy kingdom, come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread and forgive us. Our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but Deliver Us from Evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen.
 This morning as we come to receive these elements in the Eucharist invite you to come by the center aisle, there is hand sanitizer to napkin. You might wish to place in your hand and then we will dip the bread into the cup for you and give it to you. If you need gluten-free bread, are Fred is not glue.
 Free. But we do have that option. If you'll come to this side and let me know that you need gluten-free, we will be glad to serve you in that manner that we come together and feast at this table that Christ. Our Lord has prepared to us and invites us to share with him.
 Gracious God we give you thanks for this holy meal and would you share yourself with us tangibly? Reminding Us in the breaking of this bread and the sharing of this cup that you are alive and risen and with us that your love and your forgiveness for us is Everlasting new and fresh every morning.
 Help hours to be as well, in the Name of Christ. Our Lord we pray. Amen. Would you stand to receive this dismissal with blessing?
 As you go forth from this place.
 Would you remember how much God loves you?
 He doesn't care about the zits, or the big nose, or the big feet, or the little hands or anything else. He loves you, Just the Way You Are.
 He loves you when your clothes, he loves you when you run away.
 He loves you. When you do ride, he loves you when you do wrong.
 He encourages us.
 To always do, right? And to love each other.
 So as you go forth from this place, would you go and look for the good in your neighbor rather than seeing that aggravating person who just pulled out in front of you? Would you try to think surely? There's more to the story than you just saw and witnessed.
 And find something good about everybody.
 because God has
 And may we see each other. As God sees us, let us go forth. Brothers and Sisters. Still love in the love. Well, because we have been loved Well Bar, father,
 In the name of the father, in the name of the son, in the name of the holy spirit. Amen.
