Shut up.
Good morning, good morning. God bless you. And thank you. Once again, for joining us here in the gray bar, certain worst service. So proud that you're with us today, and we tried to calm the priest more than thank God for the best moment that we have in our life. We do you think often of less is more? My brother sister who began to worship this morning. We thank you for joining us. We'll start our holy. We that's going to do some press scripture this morning, short version of worship service. There's we get back in
Well called horse Raymond little sis to praise him.
 While song this morning, praise him. Praise him, praise him, praise him.
 Blue blue.
 Glory.
 Pray. Pray. Pray.
 Praise the, Lord. Let us pray Almighty Everlasting. Father, in the name of thy son. Jesus. We thank you, Lord. For this blessed day this opportunity for. Did you allow us to stand here in the presence of thou Almighty? Lord, we thank you. We lift you up to praise Thanksgiving. Father, we lift you up, Lord to worship. We thank you for our son, Jesus Christ, the shepherd Lord. The Christ of Saw on Our Redeemer, The Advocate Lord. We just met
 Magnify his name bastard, I would bless this worship. Serve Lord, we go forth as we lift up the name of Jesus that all will be done which is decent in order that it is settled in doubt. Cite these an old thing as to bless the name of thy son, Jesus Christ, amen. Holy scriptures by the love this morning. Let's do Old Testament from Psalm 118 the 118 song. All
 Let's do verse 8, 9 26, 28 2010. Amen, the one of 18 song verse 8 9
 Rita's father, it is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man. It is better to trust in the Lord to put confidence in princes, the 26 Birds Blessed. Be he that cometh in the name of the Lord, we have blessed you out of the house of the Lord.
 The 28th and 29th. First Thou Art my God and I will praise thee. God my God, I will exalt thee. O give thanks unto the Lord of for. He is good for his Mercy endures forever. Amen the word Lord for to roll or being to name of the Lord New Testament scripture this morning by The Love From The Gospel. According to John the 10th chapter, 14, through 18 verse
 With the 14, verse being a text, and it read as follows. John 10:10 Chapter 14 verse
 I am the Good Shepherd.
 And know my sheep and am known of mine as the father knows me even. So no, I the father and I lay down my life for the Sheep.
 And other sheep I have which are not of this fold them. Also, I must bring and they shall hear my voice and that there shall be one fold and one Shepherd. Therefore, doth my father love me because I lay down my life that I might take it up again. Normally, take it from me but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down and I have power to take
 Again, this commandment have I received all the father was, again. The word of the Lord for the children of the Lord? Glory Be unto the name of the Lord. Amen, praise Lord. And if you would notice my verbal of the 14 verse of the tenth chapter, which is our text for today. I am a good shepherd and know my sheep and am known of mine. Him, the worst of the Lord, this is part 2 of last week's show. But today, you're like used for a subject
 Choose Wisely, Choose Wisely of all your children, Choose Wisely. Amen, almighty God name of Jesus, grant me the wisdom, Lord and understand that we may set the table food for our
 List of receivable that will receive Northern. We leaders play would be better stewards of your word. These are all things that son, Jesus name. Amen. My love is always, Choose Wisely.
 I'm reminded of a retired couple that were living in Florida. They were setting out on their front porch. When he and his wife were just watching the people as they go by the husband or reading a book on psychology and he decided he might want to use it on his wife, the opportunity came when his wife turned to him and said less,
 Go inside and watch The Late Show.
 To wish the husband replied. I'm too tired.
 Do you realize that today? My hard be 100 and 3389 time.
 My blood travel 169 160 Thousand Miles. Not only that my beloved, but I've read 23,000 times. I inhale 483 Cuba. Cecil are. I move 750 major muscles and the top it all off exercise 7 million brain sale. I'm exhausted
 I'm going to be.
 But we must remember that the whole do was learn to choose. Well, after all that work, just to stay alive. We don't all of that is to stay alive all in one day. And if it isn't enough to make you, my brother sister, want to go to bed, I want you to think on this.
 Imagine that you have been conditioned, you have been program, you have been conditioned to believe that you are the you just a grain of psychic.
 You have no control over your faith compact combined with your concern for your job, your family, your Investment Portfolio and all the rest of what is ailing you, how can you maintain any feeling of well-being? When you must spend most of your time and effort worrying about a mere trying to survive.
 Marvel of my words, you today they just Choose Wisely, but I want you to think about it, take it home. As we look my beloved, we find out that over and over again in this gospel, John remind us that in that darkest night. Can we turn into the brightest day? It can be turned into the right thing. That's a human person.
 If you imagine that if you use your imagination, is there. And if you receive
 A miracle of God creation. That's what we are and we will keep on receiving or will cure in a rescuing ourselves from any of our own living death. Many times if it is given the opportunity and show the way. In other words, my brother sister, there's a way out.
 If there's a keyword, if if you are shown the way a given the opportunity and that way being shown come through Jesus Christ, the opportunity to come through Jesus Christ. That's why we should Choose Wisely every day of our life. If I'm witnessing the house in this 10th chapter, John Barrett, there's two hi in this chapter, John, to the to, I am, I want you to notice, it's and John ten and seven letters to I am.
 Is it, John, T, and Seventeen? And eleven. Jesus says, did Jesus said, I am the Good Shepherd. I enjoy being at leather, he's on the good show.
 In early. If you notice in the chapter Jesus said, in John, 10 and 7, Jesus said I'm good chef. And I am the Gate of The Shepherd of the sheep flow in order to appreciate what Jesus saying. My brother says, you need to understand the history behind a shepherd
 You mean understand some of the histogram that show this Chapel was spent hours searching for just one cheek.
 He feels that the animal may have got himself in trouble, Man, cast himself in other words that the commercial says I've fallen and I can't get her.
 He's unable to ride yourself because the, she has short lady on the right themselves. So therefore my beloved awesome. Time in our lives, we get a situation that we are unable to get up but we must learn to choose y then y will dealing with this situation or Good Shepherd watches. This is when we get in those situations he know that I care. She is a Heavenly help that she and in a helpless position, all.
 Time we get in helping position.
 He know that if you left alone and disposition that your college, you have no way to be rescued, you can't get back on your feet and rescue and the cash. She was one of the most rewarding experience in the life of a good show. It's very rewarding to you. Therefore again, and again, a simple spent hours searching for one single sheet, they were mission missing. That's what God do for you. When you out of the fold had left, the church of left guard family, God's been down waiting on, you to call her.
 The prayer that he can come find. You take the out of your Darkness, out of your misery. That's what a good shepherd do. That's what I separate them. Have the key to the door with do, that's what God do for you. That's why it's important for you to Choose Wisely is eyewitness in the house. Therefore, my beloved
 at once, when he found did she can God, come you find you? They see your situation here on to you at The Prodigal Son. Father did embrace you in his arms, take you out of your misery robbed. You get, you start to let you go on again where you can move your leg and your feet. You'll be able to pray. You do on your knee God do these things for you. That's why he did good show. Jesus is the Good Shepherd and he watches over. You is a witness in the house.
 Mobile of, we need to Choose Wisely.
 What man among you today, Jesus asked for four hundred sheep and you lose one. And when I go out and try to find it,
 I tell you there will be more rejoicing in heaven over one repentant sinner, you know, 199 versus men who have no need for repentance. That's what the gospel. Luke 15 chapter 4 through the 7 verse says my beloved - no sinned and repented repentant is the key that unlocked. The will that you may pray and follow after righteousness is a witness in the happened to the people of
 My below the parable of the lost sheep. It was a powerful Mission because they were and intimate term with the nuts and bolts of Shepherd and they knew what it was all about nowadays. My beloved, if we look at it we are just like those lost sheep. If I witness in the house and he cares about his thoughts, he all got teeth care about is flow and he go all out for this flow and he
 sources and seeing his flock glow and grow, and develop whatever, Krishna beloved, and several loving, one another and care for mankind. Jesus rejoice, when he see this.
 And he's constantly watching ready to say you from any individual member, anybody who will he's willing to say you whatsoever. Reason is if you're lost and expressed, in other words of love God, cares God and fluid cares. And Jesus has come as a supreme revelation of God loving concern for each. One of us
 Jesus said I'm the Good Shepherd Jesus when he said he said follow me but we are not sheep, understand it, we're human beings. Who in God hath, God had invested of power or choice because when you've been gone, a blessed with the power told, dr. Eng desirable cabin, now you have a choice.
 You can choose to accept or reject Jesus. You can accept or reject his invitation you can't believe or disbelieve that we are bored. And just a grain of Saint who have little or no control over our faith to believe or disbelieve that we are miracle of God, creation capable or rescuing ourselves from our own living death or believe or disbelieve that we can't that we can transform the struggle for mere survival.
 Into The Marvelous, life-enriching adventurous. Jesus offers us. The Power of Choice is real model of Israel. All we have to do is use it wisely. Might I challenge you today, you should choose to preserve things rather than to quit. Too many people T, take the easy way out which is to quit.
 To be a good she you but you must choose to preserve thee. You must choose to pray rather than to gossip.
 You didn't choose to heal rather needed. Whoo, choose to give rather than to still, we need to learn to Act choose to act rather than procrastinate.
 Woulda Coulda Shoulda and didn't do anything. Did you learn how to grow rather than, to rot?
 When other one we should invite other to come to worship with you, don't have way bring it in. We should choose to pray rather than the curse is eyewitness in the house. Learn how to choose to live, my brother sister rather than today living in the past by the love, you were done.
 Because my dog is a right now, God, your God should be up right now. Gone and eyewitness in the house. You learn from the past not live in the past and I wouldn't have so many of us looking at past where they did. And they did that was then, this is now you, God will serve to move on, you are free.
 My beloved to choose whether to sink into the garbage of this world.
 And the whole event that thread to dehumanize.
 The human eye US are as powerful instrument of amazing. Grace of God to every demon and we can follow him.
 Sure, we live in the world.
 But racism is on the rise.
 Sure, we live in a world where human right is being taken away.
 That's a form of dehumanization. You did humanizing individual.
 But the god that we serve, tell us everything we need to learn to Choose Wisely except God as our way as our peace and our joy didn't we will find out my beloved. There's no mountain too high, no value to us. No real to do either. We can't cross it. The Lord and walk with you. If you learn how to choose what I say and eyewitness in the house.
 You see my beloved?
 Jesus.
 Look at you.
 And he searching for you and he's searching for me. And I wouldn't have Jesus come to your rescue, he will rescue you from the fears of frustration and he'll give you a chance to live. I can witness today, he'll never be out of my stupidity.
 Out of my English, allow me a chance to live and that's why from this day and every day I live for the Lord and eyewitness in the house and I learn to Choose Wisely.
 Let me say a couple of many years ago. I read where many years ago. They were the or Corporation law. She does cook ratio. There were Stacks when you hit course, metaphorically speaking in a lay-in Cornerstone, which contain various prediction of what the world would look like 100 years from that day. In among many other things that were listed men and eyebrow, raising four kids, one of the sign of unincorporated,
 German. He read something like this. He said, 100 years from now. Five hundred years from now, men and women. Listen, real closely will still struggle for happens.
 Which will continue to lie within himself.
 Do you can't stand? Is you want true happiness? Jesus said in verse base, myself Paul says this grave it and he that is within me. Did he? That is in the world world found a years ago, you still can be looking for
 You still gonna be looking for happiness and you can find that happiness in Christ. Jesus is eyewitness in the house. Only if you learn how to Choose Wisely, you see, as a reminder to us who live in this here. Now, when we helped me into a situation of unhappiness, and we do it off,
 When we become separated from the flow, we lift the church live God. When we become entrained from estranged from God, don't know him, don't pray anymore, don't Worship in the more. Don't you go out of time? And we need the silent of the willingness in order to hear the Good Shepherd calling us back. In other words, you need a Wilderness experience and eyewitness in the house, there is the willingness of grief about the grief.
 The willingness of physical pain and suffer. There is the willingness of fear and disappointment, and loneliness and betrayal and old. And on and on, you see the Wilderness experience that part of life by below, we can't escape it. We can't understand it fully. But we know that's not how in some he'd way. It is necessary. My is a necessary ingredient in our growth.
 In development as a human being. That's why it is important for us to have God in our life that we must Choose Wisely to walk with. You believe in him, trust in him and understand that he can do, all things have failed. You see, our ability to to cope with these Wilderness experience, also to minister, it is difficult to the pain after Luther. Oh nobody trusted God. Good and his promise never to abandon us.
 This absolutely, we must depend on there, but God promised never to leave us alone when you going through this Williams of spirit that we all know what is covid-19. The economy is on a downright. But if we need something to hold onto, there's nothing greater to know that the Lord walk with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me that I'm alone glory to God, I am the Lord in his mind that was important will Choose Wisely, my beloved are closed.
 You see the upper will ultimately Wilderness experience. Come with, we try to go It Alone.
 No one would do you depend on God. And when you separate yourself from God, by abandoning your faith in his promise, to make all things new,
 Our Lives become English and I was a manager is this ministry but yet
 And I would lostness God, keep on loving us anyway. And that is why we don't have to chop down before eject to get out of the witness. Did I witness in heaven? We need only to listen to the voice of the shepherd, but of also, God and never cease to call. He never ceased to call us and ask we follow God for us my beloved. We, we come out of the wilderness.
 Learning how to lean on the Lord in ready to love him in return. You know witness in the house you see the son of man has come to seek out in the saying that what law according to Luke 19 and 10. Listen to
 Listen to love, listen to Jesus. And you will discover that, finding your way out of the Wilderness of an English assistant into a whole Miss of Life. In Christ is more like cultivating a God in chopping down forests without witness in the house. Therefore, as I close
 Choose Wisely and in Choosing My Blood sister understand. Jesus said, yes, I am the Good Shepherd.
 in every picture Christ gave his life for his sheep and he came to the door of God for
 John 10:7. Tell you this.
 Ask a good show, another great show. He rose from the dead to careful. He, she he done for you and I
 Tisha. He will come again for his, she, a Believer, John 14:6, let not your heart, be troubled Me, Be Afraid.
 There where he is, there you may be also and I witness in the house choose wives today. The know that he's saying Jesus, this is a Phenom Mega the bright and Morning Star the lily of the valley. Hallelujah, my Advocate, my joy, my piece. Hallelujah, my love the love of my life. And it's Jesus, Mary baby. The water born in Bethlehem. The water hate the vocabulary from the six into the ninth
 When moaning he got with all kinds of the hey I stopped to tell you today. My love Falling In Love With. Jesus is the best thing I ever gone Falling In Love With. Jesus gave me confidence. Gave me direction gave me, joy, peace. And I know my way through the Wilderness so we want to show you. Yeah, I will choose wisely because choosing wisely, my beloved.
 Is a way out of confusion.
 Awake my love, racism away. Out of my love.
 Rights being stripped from you or way out of this dump that you find yourself, Ian.
 Jesus is the exercises, which means way out the way out of our Witnesses, who Jesus Christ. So this day, my beloved, I'll tell you to Choose Wisely in the Blessed name of Jesus. Let us pray. Father, God in heaven, Lord. We thank you for this day. We thank you for your word. Help us know how to choose wisely to love you, to lift you up and all that we do will forevermore be grateful and serve. You be better. Stewards be a
 As you are like for our past when he but we thank you. We love you. Magnify your name, invest name of Jesus. We pray. Amen, you could have mr. Me my love, and we need to spend every country Christian discipleship today. As we look at him, number three,
 78. 378, leave me God Christ. Lord. The same political and I need to hit me. Let me through.
 I am.
 You. All right. Thank you for joining us. Thank God for keeping us. Safe and Alive. Have a blessed day. God, keep you going to protect you. God love you. So God from him to keep him from falling, too, pitiful. All things.
