Good morning, good morning. Good morning. God bless you. And thank you. Once again for joining us here at the Greenbrier circuit. We thank God for you being here. Let us begin, our worship service. My beloved song, prayer, scripture, but singing, he is risen, amen. He is Lord, I'm sorry. He is Lord, he is Lord, he is Lord.
He has risen from the grave and he every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus does cry.
 The dead shall bow. Every tongue confess?
 Zoe's cry to the Lord. Let us pray.
 Oh, mighty Everlasting father.
 From whom come every good and perfect gift. Lord. We thank you and who poured out all upon all, who desire it, Lord, your spirit of Grace.
 And suffocation.
 Lord, we know that you will do look will deliver us when we draw nigh unto you?
 Deliver Us from the coldness of heart and the wonders of mine.
 That we will set fast. Thought it was a killer affection. We may Worship You, Lord, in spirit. And in truth, Lord, we love you. We will magnify your name and lift you up in prayer. Just think through Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen, my blood is Flowing ahold of scripture from Once Again, The Gospel New Testament Gospel, according to John, the 10th chapter,
 Who would like to look at verse 11 through 18 and keep in mind that they are. The levels Bruce is, will be outtakes, amen. Praise the Lord. You finally words, John gospel. John started the 11 verse.
 Jesus said Jesus Christ, Jesus saying this, I am the Good Shepherd.
 the Good Shepherd, giveth his life for his sheep but he that is a harem
 And not the shepherd who own comes.
 Who owns people are not sees the wolf coming and lovers and leave us the sheep and flees and the Wolf catches them and Scatter the Sheep.
 For the Harlan flee because he is a hireling.
 And cares. Not for the Sheep.
 Ah, I am the Good Shepherd and know my sheep.
 And am known of mine as the father to notice me. Even, so I know the father and I lay down my life for the Sheep.
 In other sheep, I have, which are not of this fold them. Also I must bring
 And they shall hear my voice.
 And there shall be one fold and one Shepherd.
 Therefore,
 Does my father loves me? Because I lay down my life that I may take it up again.
 No man take it from me but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of the Father, the words of the Lord for the journal or Glory Be unto name of the Lord. And from The Eleventh verse the 10th chapter of John gospel, which is our text today is read. As I read again for you here. And say, is this the test first, I'm attention after level version, I am
 Good Shepherd.
 The Good Shepherd, giveth his life for his sheep and from that particular verse, it was the Lord from that particular verse I would like to you for such today.
 By all means, by all means. Amen. Praise the Lord, let us pray for the God in heaven. Grant me to wheel that we may stand before you Lord and deliver your word that will may go forth and not return void weird or you. Lord, we lift you up to my way the prayed in through delivering on your word. Lord use us as you see fit in the best thing that son Jesus Christ. Amen. My beloved by all me as always I would like to talk to you this morning briefly but Pressley by
 Means as we always offer excuses for different thing in our life but let us always remember that. Jesus said in his scarf - no cloak for you're seeing that's no excuse. Therefore my beloved this morning as I start with a category, keep in mind.
 I'm reminded of a story, which I read sometime back. And I thought, my husband told you this awful story sometimes for over 85 year old man who was sitting on a park bench, one day tears, running down his face, he was crying and then a passerby came by who noticed that the tears were running down the elder, man. Cheese, he stopped to see if he could do anything to help.
 Yes, he stopped. He said sure, I don't want to intrude on you, but is there anything I can do to relieve? Your distress? Is there anything wrong at home in the elderly man? Looked at him with tears, coming down his eyes.
 And he said no, everything is fine at home.
 I have a big beautiful house.
 I have two new calls, a swimming pool. He's, I even have a 35 year old wife, who is a superb cook. She's a great cook. And you know what? She thinks? She treats me like a king.
 And she love me, madly.
 and past about their Y in heaven, then
 Are you crying?
 In the elder man replied to him.
 I'm crying because I can't remember where I live bomi. My brother sister this morning. I believe that many of us don't remember where we live.
 Don't remember, whatever needs an AME Church is right there on Main Street, or ml/kg drive pass by keep passing by, because you have forgotten where you live did, I witness in the house, but this morning, Jesus says, I am the Good Shepherd. I'm not a hireling, a Holland. My brother sister is wounded and hired out to wash over the Sheep.
 It is soon. He collect his urn he leaves. So it's a big bad will come and attack that she he not concerned about But A Good Shepherd
 I'm okay, show a good shepherd.
 Stays with the Sheep through the thick and the thin, through the up-and-down, to the Bad and the good through the hard time ever touched her. She care for the she look out for the Sheep. That's what a good Shuffle do by Helen calm.
 Just a little while, get it paid and then go home, you know, witness in the house. But by all mean this morning, I want you to know what a good shepherd is, you know, witness in the house. You see, we hear this song Nusrat crowd and Psalm 119 and 176
 And that song is that I'm wondering like a lost sheep.
 That's what many of us are doing wandering, like a lost sheep. And when we rejoice in their assurance, that Jesus our Good Shepherd will show us the way I am, the Gate of the Sheepfold. That's what the Lord is telling us. Anyone who entered through we must come in safely through Jesus.
 This morning, my brother and sister about all me, you need to reconcile with yourself and understand. Bible of that. The Lord is the Good Shepherd. And I stand with the Lord. I am the Good Shepherd and eyewitness in the house. Many of us living in the past, holding old grudges,
 Look what they used to do. What they did, do days, has passed it to him, right. I said the day is past and gone the Evening Shade appear. Oh Hallelujah. This is the other day. My beloved of the Lord has made. You should be glad and rejoice and stop living in the past, but live in and now it Lil Will Christ, you know, witness in the house. But all me looking in the past, what they used to do, who are they what what what Dundee and that was it.
 This is now my beloved used to be with. You can pull up to a gas tank. You could buy gas for 30-some. The gala can't do that anymore. Used to be. When you go on at the grocery store, you can feel your best. It up for $30. Can't do that anymore. This is the now my beloved and we must walk with the Lord right now. Not in yesteryears right now, right now today tomorrow and as God give you another, when you must walk hand and hand with the Lord, and
 I realize that he is because Ship by all means.
 Well, I'll do it when I get myself together. You'll never get yourself together because you don't have God, you need to walk with the Lord. So you'll be able to find yourself is eyewitness in the house.
 Therefore my beloved by all me throughout this gospel, that John tell us different figures are used to describe the way in which Jesus come to offer us eternal life. One way he come. We see. Jesus is the bread of life, is that eyewitness in the house. By all means. You need to understand that there are other ways that he is the light of the world.
 If I witness in the house.
 The third way, he is the resurrection and the life join. Tell her that he is the way. And the truth, John told that Jesus is the beloved, Son of God, who guide us and protect us. He's a good ship and into this day gospel, that's when we look and see, that Jesus is the Good Shepherd in our witness in the house.
 In a Good Shepherd stick with you through it all through this pandemic, he didn't run off and leave you. When you love to job, he didn't run off and leave you health insurer. He didn't run off and leave love what he didn't run off and leave. He stood with you because he is the Good Shepherd and I love Molly myself after that, I am the Good Shepherd. I want to beat a good ship one who thick around a helped you to nurse you protect you here.
 You through do rough day is eyewitness in. How about all me? We need to turn our Hallelujah. Vision toward the lord this morning.
 Mother Love metaphorically speaking. There is a story told of a veteran Rancher, who love to teach Sunday school. And he compared sheep to Kyle because he was a Rancher used to herding cows.
 In metaphorically. Speaking we deduct observation and he noticed that cows are herding. Cows will act in particular ways, cows, was shy away from someone waving a stick at them. Cows. Also know enough, not to get too concerned, with when a stick is way that them cows. Don't Panic very easily. However, on the other hand,
 He noticed that sheets are not smart enough to be heard.
 That's it. Like We Never Cry hit worksheet. We need someone to walk with us to guide us and teach us to help us protect us.
 Because you're not smart enough. I know you may have a PhD in a DDD, but let me tell you something, you still not smart enough.
 As my grandfather you said you have your on the too short to box with God, regardless of what degree you have. You still not smart enough and eyewitness in the house. Might I clarify something on the other hand, she says, I'm not smart enough to her. She out of their ignorance, they Panic real easily, isn't it just like us?
 Something. How was just Panic that go, all to pieces nerves all to her, instead of taking it to the Lord in prayer? If I witness in the house, by all means that it's our nature.
 Into hellish eat, my blood below. The shepherd has to to condition them to trust. That's why I'm a Good Shepherd. You need to learn to trust the Lord trust in him who have placed me in the doorway to nurses you and guide you and show you that about a way you don't have to live in a yesterday. You can live in the right now with Christ Jesus.
 But you have to put your faith in Jesus and who he a place in your incentive to lead you, you know, witness in the house. You have to trust.
 Get you know that uh, follow him, she cannot be heard it like house but must be led, you know, witness in the house. You see, you must be late in order for you to
 To receive. And by all means, understand what Christ is trying to hide his crime, protect you, you need to have faith in the Lord, trust the Lord, he placed individual in your life in order to help guide you and to Shield you from anything that you may get a better understanding of life and where you are with him in your relationship, you need to trust the Lord, that you'll be able to do unto others, as to you have them to do unto. You is eyewitness in the house. If you want someone to love you, try loving them back.
 You want someone to trust you, try trusting someone did eyewitness in the house.
 But owe me my beloved this morning understand that she cannot be heard like how but must be late for their safety and survival sheet. Need to rely on that relationship with the shepherd. What type of relationship do you have with God?
 I can tell you my beloved, I can feel the relationship that you have but God better relationship. You had with me. I am his trusty and you helped our relationship with medium. That tell me that you're not a God because Spirit recognize Spirit, you know, witness in the house.
 Oh yes my beloved by all means you need to do as to handle writing on the wall saving Old Testament. We need to get your house in order. You know witness in the house. It is a house that does not but below that does not
 Anyhow that's does not, it's not in order in doing that work together in harmony and peace. Can I stand there for by all me? But all may not make sense by any means necessary. But this one I'm saying about all me. My beloved
 We need to learn to trust.
 The Lord stop living in the past.
 Because I serve a right now, God.
 Not a God or the yesteryear, but a right now God, you know, witness in the house, you see, even need to see then why Jesus identified himself with as a Good Shepherd, don't you?
 And not a cowboy because Cowboy herd cow but a Shepherd lead sheets. You know, witness in the house. I'm not a cowboy.
 I am a Shepherd, you know, witness in the house because I am a follower of Jesus.
 You know, eyewitness in the house, I am the Good Shepherd, says the Lord, the good Chef is one who laid down his life for his sheep. Don't the Lord said in 1011 Jesus, lay down his life in order that we may have life and have it more abundantly. It is, he who hanging up on character Mountain it, he hang up on, Call on the cross.
 If I witness in the house, you see the Good Shepherd has come to lead us out of bondage.
 The good ship has. Come to liberate us from the drudgery of this just existing but offering us new life.
 He offered a new life in the spirit. Hallelujah, of Truth and I witness in the house. Therefore my beloved
 The Lord is my shepherd.
 And I shall not want.
 The measure of a sheep and a shepherd with one of the real in the days of Jesus time. Because in that time a sheep you had to, you had to be on watch because of the sheep wandered away. He may decide to go on a low place inside to the rest, and if he turned him, they use the turning back in the day called Cash. You had to watch the other sheep wouldn't cast if she wants to cash my brother which means that you see out there laying the low place as taking this enjoying himself and mr. And lay on his side,
 If you weight shifting to get turned over to 40, King says backup.
 And therefore The Shepherd of watching, this is a hot day by him scrubbing, trying to set itself up, he will perish and then why Shepherd should always be on watch for wool for she cast himself and often time I feel like we have went out and cast ourselves because we go out.
 We go out and forget the god of blessing the mighty way we overspend.
 we don't give
 But we always be there and they were all we want.
 Somebody to give to us but the key and give him my beloved.
 Is what Jesus said in the Golden Rule.
 Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. He that witness in the house by all means. My beloved, a Good Shepherd will spend hours searching for a single sheet when it's missing because he's scared that the cause of the animal, maybe he might have went out of cash himself and he had cast himself.
 He's getting, he will lose his life and once he find the sheep, and finally, here kashyap his self. He slowly approaches sheep, and begin to turn it back to his normal play. And he rubbed his leg to put circulation back into it.
 Any hold it in an almond speak, softly to it in the same time at Morrison and assault Force, we can recognize that I love you but you have got to take responsibility for your life.
 Don't be no naive and get yourself in a situation like this repeatedly. Repeatedly repeatedly. It's God. Get your groupie to walk back into it. But all me, my beloved
 Rescuing a sheep in one of the most rewarding experiences in the life of a good ship. Let me if you will metaphorically speaking.
 Let me say this one of the greatest point in my life, when my daughter has set the Christ, but not only that, but she further herself into the ministry, and now she ordained ministers. I am blessed. And then one of the greatest point in my life, ever Shepherd that, tell me anything after helping my life, I've live and seen a positive thing for the ministry that I have presented for her in her own words. She said I have watched you over the years. You may thought I would listen but I wasn't listening.
 Learn, there's something greater than I am and that is to Christ maybe baby, the son of God.
 He will lay hang up on camera from the 16th to the 19th. And she's, I know, I believe and I watch you lay by. Watch you love the people. I want you to help develop thing that undeveloped oil and I watch over the years, and I seen the positive thing that coming down for. I want to do that work.
 and that let me know my beloved
 Contrary to popular opinion, I am the Good Shepherd, you know, witness in the house.
 and once again, as I set the stage again, and again, my beloved, as the shepherd such as folded flock,
 The one that is lost just one single sheet that is missing the more often than not.
 He will seek to find it before we lose it life.
 Because he feared that he might be too late.
 But look at the Jordan, Jordan hair, when he find the sheep in, his sheep is doing well and it's seek out the rice and they want to walk with the Lord, by any means necessary.
 When when are you going to learn when he finally she asked him. What are you going to learn to stand on your feet? I'm so glad I found you in time. Aren't you glad you found the Lord in time. Aren't you glad that he found you in time?
 Don't you go to stand on your feet and stop being a little rascal.
 And so the conversation goes on like this, my beloved
 We should always have compassion, but we need to reboot what rebuke need to be. How compassion, and we need to be able to correct people correction. Where need to be correct little by little that she would regain it equilibrium. So to be able to stand on his feet, that's where we all.we little by little regaining our equilibrium where we can stand on our feet won't have to piano nobody, but the Lord God is guiding us and showing us how showing us the way put in life and I'll pass it won't start.
 In the darkness. That's why the important to know when you have a good Chef, that's why it's important when you know when you should trust that's why it's important when you know what you should follow leadership.
 It is. When you don't follow leadership, you only fall in end up in a mess.
 My beloved.
 By all means.
 It's time.
 For us.
 3, inner sanctuary.
 Is time for us.
 When we re-enter to be re-entering, it would trust in Faith and Hope and charity, knowing that God has found us and brought us and Deliver us through.
 This Barren land with our witness in the house.
 Mama love.
 Follow me.
 Don't.
 This situation sound a bit like us that we are active in everything except the work of the Lord.
 If you got authorization, all you go join organization but you won't join your church.
 If the oxidation of her feet in a home run your church filled up feeding home you during our lecture on during the shirt feet hungry.
 Bo meanest are my beloved.
 John Wesley, the founder of methodism.
 He once wrote this long, people quote and don't know who wrote it.
 John Wesley said, my beloved by all means necessary do all the good you can.
 By all the means you can in all the way you can in all the place you can.
 And all the time you can to all the people you can as long as ever. You can the seven thing that mean complete and therefore response. Let me see Christ Jesus. Our Good Shepherd has shown us to wait to give our lives to other my beloved. Jesus shown us the way he showed her how to do all the good we can. He showed up about all the meaning we can.
 all the way that we can at all the places that we can and in all the time that we came to all the people that we can and as long as we can, Jesus has shown us this
 Because Jesus said this in close, I'm the Good Shepherd, the Good. Shepherd is one who laid down his life for his sheep.
 So we're miserable walk, you're not laying down your life for the Sheep. Well, let me say this Mother Love
 He see, but who knows?
 I do more.
 In the community, whether you see it or not working behind the scene because I don't like to be elevated. I like just do the work and watched watch it grow. I don't need to be set up on a pedal because that's that's not mean they will be. I like working behind the scene but yet get the work done.
 because I don't like to be made popular up popularity and I don't go together but getting to work because I Think Jesus said like this,
 We must work what day for sure night Cole when no man can work, I believe in just getting the work done. My name don't have to be on it. I just wanted to get the work done, you know witness in the house. I don't need to be popular or not after popularity I'm not forgetting the work done. So when this life is over,
 By All Me.
 When?
 The record is red.
 Someone would know that the work was done by somebody who would have done about whether the record says it would done by this individual. Well, we never know, you don't know because you do not seek seeking us to find not do will be open. Ashton will be given my beloved by all me. The reason you don't have if you hadn't asked
 And you did it because you had not.
 you know witnessing her hand found, the coach had been seeking
 Therefore, as I come to you tonight, today I want you to, to reconcile yourself and understand by all means necessary. It was Jesus who come through for too long generation.
 Not me it was Jesus who hung about Cadre? Not me it was he's got a third day. Well powder had not made you do it. Send it to right hand side in the fall, not me.
 But through it all, I want to share this with you today but any means necessary know that there's no doubt about it. Jesus is greater than all you can imagine greater than Army can never conquer. Jesus, greater than any devil could ever defeat. His power could never overcome, the Lord has no power to overcome the Lord. Jesus is great, by all means necessary to who you should put your faith in.
 Come from you don't you should be loving. Is you love your mom love Jesus? You love your husband love Jesus. You love your wife, love, Jesus, loved the Lord. He's to create, he's the savior. He can save you, heal, you protect you. God, you're here to Good Shepherd and eyewitness in the house.
 And in closing, let me say this.
 Jesus love is powerful.
 It can transform the other thing, your life into something that is beautiful and I witness in the house all before I close let me say this Jesus blood is powerful, it can transform a sinner into a saint in the eyewitness in the house but all me my beloved you got to know this by all means, you need to know. The Jesus wisdom is powerful. It can transform your foot.
 Smith into psych Insanity, either witness in the house.
 You need to know today. This Good Shepherd. I'm talking about his name is powerful. It can transform our helplessness into Victorious, into Victory. If I witnessed in the house,
 By all means, necessary need to understand this Shepherd. I'm talking about today.
 His teaching is powerful, they can transform the confused and took them into one who is knowledgeable. It are witnessing the house. This Shepherd ice pick it up today.
 But all means his spirit is powerful, it can transform week into strong and to scream if I witness in the house, this Shepherd, our speaker today, he he work Miracle. He changed Water to Wine, it's give sight to the blind. Call the dead back on this side to live again here. Jarrod daughter, his Miracle, or powerful. They can transform common thing into fact heikkila thing. If I
 Now you need some spectacular happen in your life allowed. You to work a miracle for you in our witness in the house by any me about all me. Therefore my beloved this. She's I speak up tonight. This Shepherd
 His words.
 The words of the Lord, the other Shepherd, guess what? My beloved are powerful. And you know what they'll do my love, it can transform nothing into something and something into, nothing, whichever blade be necessary in order to his will be done. My beloved is savior of all our time, Heda, same yesterday. Today, he will be tomorrow. Stop living in the past live in. And, now, that, now, that the Lord had given you, by all,
 Me Bible of Jesus is the lily of the valley. The bright the morning stall, our joy or peace. I love Iraq. Our Salvation, he is Lord bless the name of our Savior. Jesus Christ, let us pray.
 Almighty. God name of Jesus. I do thank you for all that you do. And how you doing? Lord, we lift you up this this day.
 We have prepared. We know what you have planned for those. Who love you? Lord such good thing.
 Yes, it's past me an understanding.
 Where's that will pour into our horse?
 This Love told you that we may love you above all things and that we may obtain your promise.
 Your promise with your seed. All that we can desire. We actually lowered through. Jesus Christ Our Lord. Amen. Praise Lord. My beloved, be a misdemeanor. I didn't extend the invitation Christian discipleship and bless His Name of Jesus. Come on to Jesus. Why you have time? Come on to Jesus.
 He will make your life brand new. Yes, you fix it for you. Come to Jesus. Why you have to my beloved blessed name of Jesus. Just want to remind you that on a Sunday. We will be
 Be screaming life on Facebook from Sanctuary ebony. The AME Church if you plan on attending their please at the front door, let us screen you before you come in and take your seat. And we'll go ahead worshiping and so I squared, but you need to be screened as we come in, amen. And by all me way, I may ask you don't have a man, we will have one for you there to church. Amen. And bless the name of Jesus. We give him the pray. With that said, my beloved, you have a great day. God love you.
 You so do I know that's the name into the heel of his piece. Is your big wish you were here for Evermore in the Blessed name of Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Have a wonderful day.
