Good morning. God bless you. Good morning. Good morning. Once again, welcome to Western service Greenberg circuit. Ebony the AME Church along with Hudson grow. We thank God for you being with us today, and we thank God for one for Comfort, just left, our annual cuff, one of the best comfort in the sixth principle this Lord. We thank you for that blessing. Amen, Let us again. What's the surge song? Perhaps scripture, amen. Praise him, praise him, praise him.
Praise Him. Praise Him. Jesus. Blessed, savior. His wording to be pray. Hallelujah. Glory Glory. Glory, Glory.
 Jesus, blesses, a, he's worthy to be praised. Do you? Praise him? Praise him. Praise him, praise him, praise Him. Jesus.
 Nurses say he's worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen, amen. Let us. Pray almighty. God, from whom all, come all good, and perfect gift.
 And who pulls out on all who desire it? You pour out your spirit of Grace and supplication, Lord, You Deliver Us. When we've Drawn On To You, Lord, You Deliver Us. You Deliver Us from coldness of Heart. Lord, you deliver for wondering of mine Lord to deliver us that we may steadfast have thoughts and have killed affection. We may Worship You. Lord, that we may worship you in spirit, Lord, and into Lord, we lift up this day. Lord, we bless you. The best name of thy son, Jesus Christ.
 Lord, we just thank you through. Jesus Christ Our Lord, amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise Lord. Holy Scripture this morning. My brother sister witches. You this from the Gospel of John, the seventeenth chapter of gospel. John we also be preached from them on the Lord. Praise but Marlo prayer.
 Lord pray release from the seventeenth chapter of the Gospel of John verse 1, through 6, in 6, being the text. Amen. You'll find the word. These word spake, Jesus and lift up his eyes to heaven and said, father, the hour is come glorify, thy son, that thy. Son Also may glorify thee.
 FL has given him Power Over All Flesh that he should give eternal life.
 To as many as thou has given him. Praise the Lord and this is eternal life eternal that they might Know Thee, the only true God and Jesus Christ whom thou Hast sent.
 I have glorified thee on the earth, I have finished the work without giving me to do and now O, Father, glorify, thou me with thine own self with the glory, which I had with thee before the world was
 I will text you today. My beloved, I have manifested thy name unto the men without giving me out of the world than they were in thou give us them.
 Me and they have kept the word, the words of the Lord for the children. Lord, Glory Be unto the name of the Lord, the lord's name be praised. Amen. And from now, our text my beloved, the sixth verse, I have manifested your name to the men without giving me out of the world than they were. And I'll give us them to me.
 And they have kept their word. I would like to speak from this.
 Subject today, my beloved Jesus prayed for me. Jesus, pray for me. Pray for another pray almighty. God, name of Jesus. Once again. Lord, we thank you for this blessed day and all days, Lord, we thank you for your son. Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, thank you for our savior. We thank you for the opportunity that we can stand before you Lord and said, much obliged.
 We're preparing nourishment for our body Lord file here, floor. Even during the time of pain Demon, Lord, you blessed us. We lost our loved one. Classmate, even children or mother father, sister brother. But Lord steel used to about us and you brought us for that long. We said thank you.
 And glory to thy name. We pray, Lord would be said today. The word of he said, they will be taking that food.
 For nourishment. Also this all thing I said, son, Jesus name. Amen, he prayed for me, my beloved, the Lord. This the 17th chapter John is no doubt the Lord Prayer.
 Do the prayer, Our Father, which art in small prey, but there's no doubt that 17 chapter is the Lord Prayer. For we find that Jesus was praying into the Lord, our creative for his glorification. In the first few verses, but not only that, as our text explain to us today. Even our Tech, my beloved, it is it revealed?
 Your true nature.
 These are the divine revelation in either based on everything that the church will establish on. Even I've texted her, I will text her. My Jesus say I have manifest, their name unto the man who has died have given me out of the world. Lord, I have done, I have I have verifying declared unto your name. Be people died. And I were, they were your lord, your creation.
 But don't give us them to me and they have kept that word, Lord, you give him, give him to me. I have to credit, but you helped gave them to me while I was here Earth, that I may glorify your name. God is glorified us as we seek him through prayer and through service, when we walk with the Lord, when we talked long, we care about burden to him. When we trust him, Lord to deliver us when he, when we trust him and I wish in the infant willing and
 Can our decision in our David active? Will we trust the Lord instead of saying making excuses and blame the Lord to Thank You? Lord thing could be worth. Thank you. Lord think is a good history or Lord. I Will Bless to know that Jesus is a rock. You got like not selfish. We're blessed just to be among the living this morning. Lord that we may have another opportunity to straighten out the crooked that we did the day before. Lord we thank you even though my Lord
 Lord. Some of us may feel that we've been overlooked. We've been mistreated but still, God will treat you. Like you need to be treated man. Were always some time to time step on your feet, but God will bless you and you're going in and you're coming out only. If you realize that, he prayed for you as he died up on camera for you. As we look at descriptive, my beloved even in the 7 version. Jesus said, now then
 Now, they have known that. All things whatsoever. Thou have given me all of thee, whatever God had given Jesus with a thief and he passed on to us. And we being his disciple healing, Hallelujah. Everything comes from God Earth, the Lord full of their own healing shelter. Clothing, Transportation food, family friend the witness in the house because God pray for you and he prayed for me.
 And he explained. What? Eternal life is you and we look back over here, he is playing with, you want to know what? Eternal life is Jesus saying that like this 17th chapter in the third verse of John Goff, he said and this is life eternal. This is life. Eternal, let's let me know if Jesus prayed for you. You need to understand this is life eternal that they may know. The we need to know God when you know God you're on your way to heaven, eternal life. My beloved. I mean we really know that. You know, that, you know,
 Oh God not just saying I know but you live it you're speaking, you're sleeping, you eat it, you know, witnessing how therefore you give him the service. Jesus said do you think he's and this is life eternal that they may Know Thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom thou Hast sent. You must know Jesus. That's the only way to get to God through Jesus, the son. Oh, Hallelujah. Pray for you. Without witnessing the house. Therefore, if we move along in,
 Verse number 8, Jesus said for, I have given unto them the word.
 Jesus, he given us the word right here. It's a cipher and you where's Doyle gave me. They have received them in him. No. Surely that? I came out from thee and they have relieved, the Dow did. Send me. Jesus is telling you the key to have an eternal life, you must believe the word of God. You must believe the word of God. And if you believe the word of God, you must believe Jesus. Go in the beginning was the word. The word was
 God and it won't say it again with God. So Jesus is the word manifest In the Flesh. He praying for us, my brother sister, therefore, it's important. My beloved for you to believe God trust, Jesus know that he is illiterate of and he is the bright and Morning Star. He is our out and I'll make he prayed for. When you forgot to pray for yourself, Jesus, pray for you and I witness in the house. Someone should shout Glory.
 therefore,
 John ascribe to Jesus. Jesus said in the night first, I prayed for them, G, the praise. He said, I pray for them. I pray not for the world, Hallelujah. You said, we want are thing in the world, but Jesus pray for you.
 But from them which they had given me for. They are thine. Those who are coming to God, she's a praying that you stay in Fellowship that you won't lose your salvation. That he will be an advocate for you. When you reach, Hallelujah, other side, he could hear him say Well done. He prayed for you. If the anyone 6G the praying for you, anyone suffering to the praying for you. Anyone being booted, take it to the Lord and pray and eyewitness in the house.
 Jesus, he pray for you in the tent. First, he said, Jesus Christ, Jesus and all mine of thine. And thine is mine, and I am glorified in them. Oh, Hallelujah. All of us belong to God, but Jesus said we belong to him to go. Go ahead. Lord, God is one. And if we believe in Jesus, Jesus will be a one and we belong to the Lord. That's why he
 Pray for you, Hallelujah. Someone shot at glory. Jesus said and 11 verse and now I am more. Look what he said. And I am no more in the world.
 Listen to, this is believing this, this is believable believable, professional. Now this, they would Jesus say Jesus. I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through the own name.
 Those who doubt have given me that they may be one. As we are one UC G that petition. God. If we had come on to God, that God would take care of us. Like he took care of Jesus. If you don't believe God took care of Jesus, he hang up on counter from the sixth and ninth hour, but God, raised him on the third day, we're telling me great. The gray can hold him. No, Grave will be able to hold you on that great getting up morning, you can say it, Fare Thee. Well, Fair thee. Well,
 Did I witness in the house? We don't belong in this world, we're just passing through. We're here for a small time and then we move on because the Lord has prayed for us, Jesus is going back and sit on the right hand side of the father and that he is. It's called 14 chapter John, where he we where he is, we may be, also you got a witness in the house and the reason for that because you're the prey but those who believe
 And trust God and I wouldn't sell the house now in verse 13. 12 while I was with them, Jesus said in the world, I kept them in that name. While he were here with a Jesus kept us in gardening and name. God, do that, that gives me. I have kept and none of them is low. Hallelujah, he kept all the Sheep.
 But the son of addiction to all her look, I say that the scripture might be fulfilled.
 And now come. I so V to D and D thing I speak in the world that they might.
 That day might have my joy fulfilled in themself Bible of Jesus when people would then receive, he still had your head, go to himself and you're praying, talk to Laura move on to where he would need it.
 He wouldn't worry about that. Bullet me later he move on the way he were needed.
 You know, what isn't how he prayed for you. And I like verse 14, when he said, I had given them that word Jesus, he had given us God word.
 And the world has hated them how to lujah because they are not other world. Thank you Jesus. Even as I am not of the world, you see I told you.
 Will you belong to the Lord? You don't belong in this world. Don't expect to be treated like you do.
 I'm here to tell you, we have a new home.
 My beloved not built by man or by hand, you know, I wouldn't happen on the other side, that's the home, which crime get to where Jesus Is Over Yonder, where the Lord, he is Over Yonder. So by the way, Harry, don't make no different way. It is over Yonder, where Jesus is, you see that's the problem.
 But mankind if I can't see it, I don't believe it. Well you can't see the average but you bring it on sir.
 I'm here to tell you that the Lord pray for you.
 Verse 15, prove. It prove something special to us in verse 15, am. I share this with you? My love.
 It's tell her in verse 15 Christ said I pray not that thou should take them out of the world but that thou shouldst keep them from the evil.
 It's all around, you everyday.
 Oh my Lord, because you walk among evil people, even thing God will move Jesus. Want you to be be taken out of it out yet? He won't let your light shine. Among it hoping that through you, someone could also come into the family and be saved. You see, Christ does not teach withdrawal from the world but that Christians should be in the world. But you shouldn't be a part of the World, Part of all of it. Some of the stuff that goes on.
 You should be it.
 And eyewitness in the house.
 It in verse 16. I mean, I've been closed.
 Jesus said in are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. Jesus said, Believers are Sanctified, you're not at the world, you don't believe looking for a 17 Sanctified them through the truth, you don't hear me.
 That word of Truth. Think about them through Jesus died on the way truth and the life. That word of Truth.
 Through Jesus Christ, my below. Hallelujah is you believe you receive the Holy Spirit.
 And you can be Sanctified satisfied for the work of the church. The work of God. Someone asked me a long time ago. Why do you keep doing? I thought you had retired, I have. But when God called me to service you serve on just a little while longer, you know, witnessing now, because he prayed for me. Jesus, pray for me that I will have this creaking the courage and the mental capacity to do Greater Works.
 You know, witness in the house.
 Verse 18. Am I preaching to you? Sold this morning Verse 18. As thou hath sent me unto the world even so have, I also sent them into the world. See that's our mission and Christian. Everyone think that the preacher supposed to do everything. No, no, no, no, no. You are you said you are Christian and if you are what you say, you are y'all to show some sign, show some sign you go beyond ordinary, you do extraordinary things.
 Don't you do it about faith?
 Why do you do this real? Well, because I have faith that if I do somebody.
 Some service it because God had given me great service and eyewitness in the house.
 The Bible teaches do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
 I'm doing because Jesus pray for me. How about you see? This is our mission. We should be able to do what verse 18 says.
 It's Lord sent Jesus. Oh Jesus has sent us out into the world to do Mission work. Listen 19 and for thy sake, for our sake. My blood, Jesus said, if we praying sanctify myself, that they also might be Sanctified through the truth. Hallelujah Sanctified through the truth. Jesus sanctifies Us in Jesus, who had a new young man was song you saying, back. When I was young,
 For I found the Lord or when I hunt for the Lord, we got together. Became a minister said, satisfied with Jesus, my soul is satisfied.
 Because he Sanctified me, set me aside for the test that I'm doing that and he said, greater work, shall you do do what you begin to do now, that's why I do what I do. That's why you should do what God called you to do, regardless of what the commune to anybody. I say you should do it for the Lord. And for Humanity about witnessing the house, you should do it because the Lord pray for you. Oh Hallelujah. I'm almost think I'm getting close now. Couple more points.
 What when we just a little while my beloved, if we look at verse 20, now the prayer for those alone. But for them also We Shall Believe on me through their word.
 Didn't just pray for the decipher that why? I said he prayed for me if you believe how to loo you and God it is worried, that believe in Jesus.
 Didn't Jesus. Pray for you also.
 Thank you, Jesus.
 It is my mission to go out and tell the world verse 21. It says that day and all that they all may be one as thou father or in me and I in thee that they also may be one in us that the world may believe. That thou Hast sent me. How do you know, my beloved what God is saying?
 Unity. Jesus. Never did the truth of what God Said him to do. He does what he God sent him to do. Moses tried.
 Abraham try.
 The judges in the Book of Judges, try some of the Old Testament, Prophet a try, but couldn't nobody do it, but the Son of God and don't want her to say, Can't Nobody Do Me Like Jesus because he prayed for me you know, witness in the house. So he talked about Unity. Unity in A House. Divided cannot stand church. We should be United. A common purpose, a common goal.
 To increase God.
 Community and family, you know, when it's in the house.
 therefore, the scripture says
 number love.
 Inverse.
 22 and the glory, which thou gives me how given to them that they may be one even as we are one 23 i in them and thou in me
 That they may be made perfect. The word, perfect. Hallelujah. In one not perfect. By yourself in one who in God.
 And that the world may know that thou Hast sent me and have loved them as doubt. He'll of me. You see. God can love you. Like he loved his son.
 All you need to do. Believe trust have faith hope and some charity. God will he hasn't healed and had prayed for you, you know, witness in the house.
 Your sisters and brother mothers and fathers and aunties, and husband, and wife, I have not prayed for you, but God have prayed for you.
 Let me hear your now come over sin. Our clothes first 24, father, Jesus said, I will debt. Also, whom thou Hast given me be with me, where I am note that? Where I am? Where is he? Where is he? Where would you choose to be an impotent? You ever will?
 The day May behold my glory. We still have given me for thou lovest me before. The foundation of the world, here are my brothers and sisters. The Lord. Jesus is praying for ultimate sanctification that you can have two wings and fly away to win a very your head, your shoulders, your waist, and your feet, you will fly away and be glory and be with him. Jesus said, on the right hand side which mean honor.
 He said you could have set it up that not by him and he was set on the right went and said where the goats are the Laughing. You can set it on the right hand and eye witness in the house because he prayed for you.
 They were in him with his family, reported his son because we believe in God.
 And God will do for us what he done for him and I witness in the house. First 25, we getting ready to wind this up. Oh, righteous father, he praised the world has not known me. That the true don't know you today.
 But I have known thee, and these have known that thou Hast sent me the one that have faith in God and know God. You know, that Jesus is the son of God that was sent but you still happy Walker. I don't believe that I go downtown, I don't believe in there are see the nails and the hands I'm here to tell you today, that many people that Blind Eye. Can see how your eyes and can't see what scripture say ears can't hear.
 Let me say we have no sometimes can't smile Tom and can't take her. She takes me gone.
 but she anyhow,
 You see you breathe anyway.
 So, why did that lame-ass cure? If I don't see
 You know, witness in the house. What is faith?
 a lot of things you don't see until come about but faith will bring it to pass Bible of
 and then,
 26th, we conclude.
 Jesus was praying. He said this and I have declared unto them thy name.
 I have told and I have perfected and I have declared and I have much about your name. Alternate you are the Creator and I will declare it that the love with wherewith. Thou hell of me may be in them, is I
 In them, he didn't visit and do it for yourself with done for go.
 Whatever you do my beloved because Jesus pray for you. Do that though. You doing it for the lord? It's one thing. I always tell my parishioners, don't think that you're doing me a favor by coming to church. It's on. You look Christian all about choices, everyone make choices. You have got to make a choice, the where you stand, where you want to go, where you want to end of it, in all about choice of Jesus. I pray for those who believe
 Dude, with a scepter into the family, what Charles are you making today? I'm here to tell you that. It's not about me. It's about Jesus. It's not about none of the other Avengers 2 minutes. It's about Jesus, and God. And if your relationship right now,
 If a myth, did I suggest to you this day? Receive that g. The breathe on you. Like he breathe on the decipher and receive the Holy Spirit. They could receive and told you to breathe on them, let the Lord breathe on you praying that you may have glory to God salvation and be glorified. He gonna fight a lot. He got Gene have praying about these things.
 What are you waiting for? Why are you so impatient? Why are you are this way to know? We are when I get a little bit little bit of what
 Seek ye the Lord. Wow, he can be found.
 tomorrow's, not promised, but one thing is,
 There is a falcon filled with blood.
 Flown from the manufacturer.
 And I'm here to tell you today. My beloved Jesus, pray for us.
 Those who believe, and don't let nothing. Nothing in this world, oppression discrimination.
 Bullying, pandemic. Don't let nothing change your feeling your relationship with God.
 Because through it all, when her husband sister brother, to your nephew Uncle baby, nephew child, can't help you. God can when they don't understand, God can
 I don't he's Almighty. He wonderful. Counselor. Mother loved those who need be counseling. He's a wonderful counselor. He's mad at God. He'd have less than father. He did Prince of Peace. You know, went in the house and witness in the house.
 He pray for you and he pray for me.
 Did you may have a choice and now you have a choice and let me end this by saying, what my grandfather used to tell me all the time.
 Son.
 You have a choice in life.
 If your soul.
 Belongs.
 It's nobody's fault, but yours.
 because you've made the choice, you should have gone with you, on where
 you turn, what makeup you going to put on?
 You choose what you are you going? Where you chew her food? You go, eat? You choose. Who you gonna date? Who you're going to marry, you choose to have children. I have children you choose my beloved, even where you going to work either work. Or don't you don't want you to quit and go to another job? It's your choice. It's your choice.
 It's not because I didn't know.
 My beloved, the word is Eric, we're on television. Radio Facebook, Zoom, all the office area where you can hear the word, but might I suggest to you on this day, join us at 7:02 MLK Drive and heavily the AME Church, the words in let us become a family.
 That makes the difference in our community that set the tone for those coming on behind us that there are no that we being here and we left a good report for them in the for the Lord is eyewitness in the house. It was Jesus. Who pray for us? My love, he was either hang on Cara from the six and Twenty Ninth out. It was Jesus got up from the grave. Grave can hold.
 Dude who ascended back to the father and said, all right hand side of God, the Father it is Jesus. Who going to be coming back one day and I stopped to tell you, they become he prayed for us, I am going to do all I can for my Lord and we don't his return. My beloved is all about. Jesus make the right choice today. You made so many wrong choices. Make the right choice today make the right choice of walk with the Lord. I challenge you today. If you walk with the Lord
 And see what different to making your life and your conversation and your daily activity. God will Elevate. You, you lift, you high knee open Lift before you know witness in the house. Praise the Lord. With that said. Mother Love let us pray for the garden. Heaven Lord we thank you for your word. We thank you for your spirit. Moving this morning Lord that we may receive it Lord. And thank you for praying for us grant us Lord. They received right now. Lord your peace and understandings. They were forevermore be
 For lower be better. Stewards are you worried Lord be better for our community have better leadership better service the most important load a better witness in a Christian
 The amount follow my Mac, the God, still live. He lived with me in his press, out into some rays of the sun light Lord. We thank you. We love you. And we magnify your name and blessed name is on Jesus, we pray. Amen. My love. Let me, I'll be amiss about it's an imitation Christmas. I thought you let us do. So by saying, come to Jesus. Amen, come on to Jesus. Why?
 You have time. Come unto Jesus. He will make your line brand-new. Yes, you fix it for you. Come to Jesus. Why
 You have to my beloved, just want you to know to my church family out there, we will be screaming from Evan, either on first, Sunday on first Sunday. And as we begin to ease back in church, I will ask you to obey our rules that were having. How about check in with the Earth, shall to get your temperature check, and please wear your mask, the church being being prepared for us to receive us. So look to see you on, Zoom. Nice, sunny.
 You know, Zoom first time to do but we'll be doing it from the church Facebook, amen. God bless you. God love you, got Keith. You have a blessed day in the Blessed name and I'll show you see you cry. Jesus, I pray for you.
