when you start, when you start,
Amen. Amen.
One will keep it going and we look at some other verses as well. They share with us and show us that God is indeed our Strong Tower. Father we thank you so much, not just for life is well as it is no one understand and realize the Lord it could be a whole lot worse. Nora still hearing reports of sickness and illness and covid. Father God we're we're still
 Dealing father, God with financial things, lots of job, and lots of Home Lord. With we know that you're still on the throne and father God, we come to worship you today. And Lord we worship through song and through prayer and US father. Now it is time for your word and I accept your word. Does what you said with you that it would defy those spirit and flesh or did it would deal with our hearts and our minds and that we could in fact reason with the truth this boy,
 Another thing Ben said been done, Lord, when we need the truth. So we thank you for the truth of your word. Let it speak. Now to everyone's heart from the youngest to the oldest. Then we all may be blessed is in Jesus name, we pray. Amen. Amen and amen. Amen. This morning, we look at God as a strong tower. I keep versus Proverbs 18 and 10 and we read it again.
 Then in your hearing and is a verse of security. It says the name of the Lord is not see that. Now was not going to be, it is a strong tower the righteous run to it and are safe and y'all want to tell you this morning, very briefly that God's word, it's a refuge for you and I if you can't depend no nothing else, y'all, you?
 Depend on God's words. My two or three Witnesses? Is that our trust in God's word and God's feeling like you said, wherever we might find ourselves. Whatever may happen in life that we have the security of God's word and God's word carries with it, God's name. So if you got that being you,
 Going to be. All right. We gonna be all right, a strong tower. So first we got to know what the writer is talking about. You Solomon is speaking here and Solomon was King. So he knew something about hours?
 Because they know original language is the Hebrews Psalm twenty and one tells us that our is a place that is to be defended. I was anybody with me here, it's to be sick, safely and secure on high. It leads to me too high for the enemy to catch you. It needs too strong for the enemy to break in on his body with me yet.
 And we emelye in a busy fighting will get you and I, everybody's intermittent on the aren't the same. It may take one form of an oar. Another one here we testified today that we all have enemies as we try to walk this walk and talk, this Christian stop, it is good to know that God provides his name that will fight against anything that the enemy
 Strong Tower in means. And how you mean that is strong, but it also means that is elevated. Want anybody feeling here? I need somebody just to think spiritually. Women is strong if you can't get in and and is is elevated. Why is it elevated? Pastor. So if there's anything you can see what's coming before, it comes on TV. Everybody hear me today, said in my note
 Oh God like that. As I helped you to see some stuff. That's always telling that God hears is a strong tower, took the y axis. Now in that Bible days, they use the towers for strength. They use the towers for defense and the Bible lets us know that they did in fact, ruin to the temple judges now,
 51 says, but there was a strong tower in the city and all the men and women, all the people of the city, fled their shut themselves in. And they went up to the top of the time. You'll see ya, they just go in the time with y'all. They went up to the top of the child. So what are you saying? Pastor, if we run to God,
 No, just the one to it but we got one to him and run up so that we can be safe. That's the story told of an aviator back when they were first starting to fly airplanes and then doing fancy or anything, just just a fuselage and the wings, and the motor. So as this pilot started to go off in his airplane,
 He heard it and he realized that there was a way is this place? And he knew that you can track your phone shooting he was going to mess up some wires and he was going to break something down and he couldn't fly savior or he couldn't land safely. So he realize that a rat yours a roommate.
 Rolling work more meant to be on the ground or underground. So he had an idea of people jobs and then if I go and I go and I go up a little higher, the rat is not designed to take that kind of pressure so he grew up and he flew up and he flew off my mother's house goes for and finally the knowledge stop. The rat was dead. So he started his
 It back down. And when he got down to the ground, Faith, he pulls the red out in the wreck was dead. What are you telling me Pastor? I'm telling you that it's not enough for us just for run to the Lord but y'all we gotta go up in the law. What does that mean? We got to be dedicated to the Lord. We got to Worship the Lord because Jim ran into him and no you gotta get in there and see what God is all about. Do I have any Witnesses who have gone?
 See you in my life, Gap in the rent and I life. And when we go a lot higher in the Lord O word of God, lord I feel God. Do I have some things of God got to die so he said that it is
 God is like a strong tower. So but whatever. Show you this. You got 1811 to because the first part is good but if it's in contrast to verse number 11, so verse 10 says, the name of the Lord is a strong tower the righteous run into it and I say, but look at first you left. It says a rich man's wealth. Is he Strong City and like a hot wall.
 Hole in his imagination. What do you see their Pastor? Well in face Chan, I see go righteous. They run to the Lord and they are elevated. But both rich man places his trust in his wealth and Vernon. Laughs Oliver says, is only in his imagination. Is only in his head. He will last forever but it's only in his head.
 But the righteous we can be certain, we can't be sure that the word of God will last and last and last is anybody feeling me hear the word of God will not change? It's not just in my imagination. The word of God is good for mind body and soul. So he says in verse 10, the name of the lord, it's just like a strong team.
 Security is found in his name. Joy is found in his name and when we trust him we get the benefit out of everything that is with his name's. Ian shot name. He is, his name is, his name is in God's name reveals who God is. And again, I tell you like I told you before that, God's name is
 Oh, wonderful. It means so much that we can't just have one word to describe how good I will God. So first of all, he is Jolly job. If you look in Genesis 22, 14, you discover that when Abraham was about to kill his son, the he looked around and the lord gave them a ram. Instead, the Bible says, they named that place Jehovah.
 Jireh, the Lord will provide. What are you saying? Pastor God is got wherever you need it, whatever fortune that you needed. And you, I have two of these weaknesses that he is and hometown of God. And my God, shall supply, all your need, according to his riches, in Glory by Christ Jesus. So, when you're in need of healing,
 This word tells me that God has got everything you need. Not just physical healing, mental healing, emotional healing with you and I learn how to trust in God. Oh, we might have to take the medicine. We're going over Coliseum.
 Nothing.
 Really Kate comfort. You like the peace that God use Philippians 4:7 says of peace, that passes all understanding here. Who is that? That is Jehovah Shalom. So God Is Yet those come with, do it, whatever we need, where is it? Found Pastor is found in his name. Oh, did it by the witness over his name. So what does that mean?
 It is faster. We'll check this out because God is merciful and forgiving then we don't have to suffer the punishment of the second death is anybody. Glad about that? Because we know that this world is not everything there is glad about that.
 His name is a strong tower will realize that God is slow to anger and that's in that you did. Don't have to be decision that you died with Jose Tabata. Glad about that because God is about his Everlasting Love, he's like a tower that we can learn to even with nobody else will love us. God will still love us his name.
 How would you work? Do we apply this strong tower to our lives? Well, I'm glad to ask. Well, if we just use his name alone, that should be enough for us to get through, but just in case is not. Can I remind you that Jesus is our strong tire?
 I'll Man from Nazareth hung up. Your God does heal, took your sins and my sins? No Bible tells me that by his stripes. We are healed.
 Confess with your mouth, that Jesus is Lord, and believe in your heart, that God raised him from the dead. You will be saved. So how do I get this?
 Be blessed. Come we want to go with God. We talked before you my friend India when God will show up like you wanted to show her it's because he's just, you're funny. God also, computer relationship. God, God don't want to be your friend.
 For free, God will see how God's going to be in love with you. He wants you to be in love with him too. Oh, yeah. And you you're thinking that you all in love but when they get out in public they say,
 Oh, Jackie, that's just my friend. Think about how you will feel, huh? Y'all think about how you will feel. That's how we do, we do god, like that job.
 A little better. So how do we get?
 No, for you. Think that's what God wants us to do. When we run up, we find out some Joy. Then when we run up, we find that there's some luggage that we didn't see before and because wherever being in higher, God can show us what we need to see. Also think about here today. So back to what are you telling me? Well but there are provided
 Listen to the Amplified version. It says, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Watch this now, not the righteous man, but the consistently righteous man, who invented look right in his standing with God, runs into it and you're safe and high above all evil and he's still strong. What are you telling me? Pastor will see some folks will tell you that
 You always win to God. That must mean that you running from the devil. Oh yeah.
 No way in God's word. Does it tell us the one from Evil to run from the evil one but it does tell us to run to God. My father tells me what we did that from Pastor Psalm 46 and one says God is our refuge and strength. Psalm 32 tells me that he is our hiding place. I said 25 and 4 tells me that he's a shelter in the time of storm. So it doesn't mean I'm running from
 The Devil Within me that I'm running to God because I know what God can do. I see it for myself? Nobody ever tell me I know God love you don't Strong Tower for me. So I don't care about you because he is everything that you and I need. Is that a good way to look at it?
 Because he people who won't come to church or people, who believe they say. All they know we're running. True to God, can I tell you and we learned a day, if we use God and his name as a strong time,
 Oh, just some good news. God is always with him.
 Because we going, oh yeah.
 To Google what you need from you today. Don't just go me been dealing with for a long time. You why don't you and the Lord with me? Am I talking to anybody? Do you talk about?
 When you get up some things will follow you. Go up something, go.
 So much with his word. We thank you Lord that your word is
 Is is true. You love your children. You you say you're gonna be there for as you'll be there Witnesses and you promised to protect us, the leaders. The guy I was with Lord help us to know that in your is another level. If, and when we decide to go on that, you got some, some waiting for us. You got to answer to some of our questions waiting. You got feel some peace and we've been struggling to find. You got some Joy, when we been
 Trying to find happiness. You got some some so you you erasing the past where we were holding on if we decide to go up. So thank you. Lord, thank you. That is not dependent on the church.
 Somebody's family that you would take them higher in your face. So right now Lord God we thank you that we first of all have made the choice to run in Jesus. Oh he got him.
 Is there what we going to hide? So, we thank you for sparing us. Thank you for grace and mercy for keeping us who we know that we can go a little high. So Lord, we bless you. We don't feel blessed, praise reports, and healing reports as we go higher as we kill something, we let himself fall off it because he can go with us. So we thank you right now. Jesus name
 Right now church and those that they walk too.
