Good morning, Facebook family, and friends. This is Pastor, Willie Chester wishing everyone. Everywhere, a good and godly morning, and this morning our word and worship on behalf of st. Paul Baptist Church coming from Romans the eighth chapter.
 T7. Romans 8 and 37 and then we'll look at Romans also Romans the 8th chapter. Excuse me. Yeah. Eighth chapter 14 through 17, amen. Amen. So if you would get your Bibles for Romans 8:37 and also Romans 8:14 through 17,
 This morning we're talking about how we are more than conquerors. Good morning Lisa good morning. Say good morning and just a little encouragement for us this morning. Before we get started just like to send out well wishes and a speedy recovery to our good fin friend. Pastor Joseph Hurley who was in an accident on Friday and we just want to send
 up prayers his way and wish him a speedy recovery. Also also part of our church family, the southern Spice, Girls Zion and 2D or in competition today in Carrollton, Georgia. And we wish them a good time and and safe competition and the moms and dads and wish them a good trip back as well. So y'all this morning, just a little, just a little
 Judgment, as we get ready for this week, and if you have any prayer, requests, anything, good morning, sister. Wanda. Good morning, sister. Iona we're also on my page and on Facebook on Saint Paul page. So either place you can catch us invite somebody. Let him know there's an encouraging word about to go out, about to go out. So you have any prayer requests, anything for later on. As we end this.
 Service. Please please put them on the screen and let us know and we'll be more than happy to to include them in our prayers. So before we get started everybody let's get let's go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father we thank you so much for this day. Lord for this opportunity this chance is time to start our week off, right to worship with you. And with with our loved ones and master, we just come right now asking that you would encourage a
 Arts through this word this morning that you would give us what we need to keep us sustain us throughout this day and also throughout the week to come not knowing what the week will bring but we know that you will bring the week and know that you will get us through. So Lord we thank you in advance. For I wonder for this word is going to touch us. It's in Jesus name we pray amen. Amen and amen. Amen. Good. So y'all have you ever wondered what the
 Statement, we are more than conquerors means and a lot of people get discouraged on this Christian walk and I know I do sometimes looking at the suffering and looking at all the things that we have to go through. But but y'all God has a reason. God has a reason and a purpose for everything, we go through. So good morning Brenda. Good morning brother Kenny. So this morning, we want to look at Romans 8:37
 And then Romans want to end up with Romans 8:14 through 17. So if you have your Bibles, the word of God says nay or no, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us and just a setup. Verse chapter 8, Paul, he gives an explanation of all the things that we may have to endure as Christians and he and all throughout.
 Throughout Romans he he sets it up and lets us know that that things won't be perfect on our Christian walk. And and that's where a lot of people get discouraged because they see things going on. And sometimes we may tend to blame God for things, but but y'all just because we're Christians, and even though we are believers, we still face the same challenges that everyone else faces and those challenges sometimes include suffering of some
 But here's a good news. Good morning, Pam. The good news is that no matter what difficulties appear in our lives. Romans 8:38 837 reminds us that Jesus already has given us Eternal salvation. And the future, that we have with him is glorious. And now watch this. Now, y'all God wants to be father, to all, but everybody wanted exception.
 Oh, can we just be real with that? God wants to be the father of all, but everybody won't won't accept him but but but as we come to him, as we cry out to him, as little children, know that our God hears and knows and will honor our faithfulness. Everybody that says, they love God, they don't love God, but the proof is through the suffering, through the tests and trials.
 That's the real proof. Now, if we look at this Romans 8:38 and scuse me 37, he says, and all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved he names, trials, tribulations, persecution. He named all the things that we may have to go through and in a fleshly mind from from an Earthly perspective, Paul's statement doesn't seem to make any sense. It seems
 This passage is saying that, no matter what happens in our lives, that God will will will make it alright, that, that, that God will will just just, just give us. This, put us in a place where we won't have to experience in his suffering, but y'all that is, that is not true, but but the other way that Paul puts it, that may seem crazy to us is that he says we're more than conquerors. Good morning, Dianna
 We're talking about Romans 8:37. He says, good morning. Pam Mitchell. It! He says that, that the person who believes in God through Jesus Christ, is more than a conqueror. Then maybe someone who is an emperor, someone who may be a king and you may look like I do sometimes. I get discouraged and I see people that I know are doing wrong.
 See them. It seems like they're getting over. It seems like they're getting through. It seems like there's no consequences but but God says all know that's, that's not the case. But he says that we who believe are more than conquerors. How can we be more powerful than people with money and position and entitled and, and those that have more than we do? Ha, how can we be more more than they are? Well, here it is. The fact of the matter.
 ER, isn't that if we believe in Jesus sin, we have the promise of an eternal Kingdom, ruled by a good king or good emperor that will last forever second. Peter 111 says, for this way, there will be richly provided for you and interest into the internal Kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Now as Christians y'all, we do not hope and things that we
 See, but things that are unseen. Faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen y'all. That's where we are different from the world, our our faith. So, so, how does it make it? How does it make it? So that we are more than conquerors? We are more than conquerors through the blood of Jesus Christ. And not only is it for salvation. Good morning, Millicent.
 But buddy, it gives us far greater far greater rewards. We that's what gives us the ability to love our enemies. Even though they persecute us knowing, that we got something greater knowing that people who lie on us cheat US, who are people, who do us wrong, that we've got something greater to look forward to look forward to, and we're not more than conquerors. Because of our own ability, it doesn't mean that will escape the struggles and
 Hardships and sickness of life but it is because we have something greater to hold on to get. I get a few amens gather this world is not, there is not all there is but we have a Greater Hope. Look at the landscape of things that are going on and you will get discouraged. But the good news for believers is that we have something greater. Can somebody just type in Greater, we've got something greater. We got
 Being more to look forward to. So question, question, how does God make us more than conquerors? And y'all this? This bless my soul. So so, so listen, when a conqueror in the Bible days, when a conqueror went into a new land, they had to fight, they had to battle, they had to conquer the people for which they wanted to take the land from the follow me now. So once they did that, they
 After the battle was fought, they still had to prove, had to prove their worth. They would still have to fight some more battles. They would still have to win over the hearts of people, but watch this now. It's only conquer the land and their heirs, HEI RS, their heirs, took possession of the land. They didn't have to fight. Or is anybody thinking spiritually? They didn't have to.
 To go into battle because of what, what what the previous person had done so as heirs, oh I wish somebody would get this as as the Bible says we are heirs and co-heirs with Jesus Christ. So what Jesus has done the Bible tells us he has conquered death, hell, and the grave and has prepared a place for us. Jesus Jesus was a conqueror. He went in.
 Conquer that. So now that you and I are ears to what he has done, was anybody feeling me what he has done? We don't have to fight, we don't that struggle as like he did. We may have to go through some things for the sake of Christ. We may get discouraged sometimes, but we won't have to battle and struggle for eternal life because he has already won the victory. So if he is the Conqueror, we are more oh great.
 God Almighty more than conquerors give me some word on that. Pastor. Well, Romans 8:14 through 17. You have it. This is for all who are led by the spirit of God are sons of God. You have received the spirit of adoption as Sons by whom we cry. Abba Father, do that means daddy. Daddy if we translated the spirit himself, Bears witness to our spirit that we are little children.
 Tune of God. And if there's then Heirs of God and fellow heirs with Christ, with the promise provided that we suffer with them, in order that we may be glorified with him. Amen. And it's, so this work tells me that when we come to God, as children of God, believing in, Jesus Christ. God is the father, Jesus is the Conqueror. We receive adoption.
 Ian into Jesus inheritance, when we come into his kingdom, huh? Romans 8:17 says, we are co-heirs with Jesus. So, whatever, Jesus has whatever Jesus is privileged true. We are, in fact privilege to the same thing. What he did on the cross, we may not have to suffer like you did, we will have to suffer some things. But but, but we may have to face illness some weed. Some people have to face
 Have any some people have to go through just some hardships, but none of these hardships are permanent. They are all temporary.
 First Corinthians 15 and 50 says, I tell you this Brothers, flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God nor does the perishable inherit the imperishable imperishable. So what does that mean? Pastor. That means that you and I are heirs joint is, we have an inheritance and the spirit of God testifies to this, it seals the deals that no matter what we may say.
 We will come out on the other side more than a conqueror because Jesus is already conquered it for its y'all. So we are more than conquerors. We are victorious because Jesus conquered the power of death and the resurrection death and suffering. No longer have a permanent hole over Anyone who puts their faith in Jesus the Christ. So is anybody glad now like I said y'all
 This verse can help us in difficult times because look at this guy. Everybody everywhere is followed, is called a follow God, but not, everyone will follow the call. We all are going to have different tasks different burdens to Bear. Different challenges to face. John told Peter he said don't worry about what would their weight at that? That that that they're John walked here.
 God has a different path for all of us so I wanted to let you know that we are all more than conquerors in the trials and struggles that we Face. Yes they're going to come yes they're going to happen so no matter what difficulties coming like remember y'all we are more than conquerors. No matter how painful life can get, there is an end to that pain.
 And there is a glory waiting ahead. Well, I wish somebody would get that in your heart right now. No matter how much the pain is how difficult to burden. The struggle is, there is an end to it, it is temporary, but the glory that God has waiting for us will never ever go away as we go from day to day, as we look ahead and try to keep our heads up.
 And not be distracted. By all the things, the enemy has to throw at us. Y'all understand that we have an assurance from the word of God. And as Believers in Jesus, we need to cling to his promises. So, and then not only that, do we have his word, but y'all we have the indwelling, Holy Spirit, whom we can ask for help. We can ask the spirit for help too.
 Strengthen us through trials and tribulation. I know we pray to God. I know he's a God, but the proper thing to really say is, Holy Spirit help me through these trials and tribulation because Jesus I left him there to be your help and victory is ours so we can carry ourselves through this day. Carry ourselves through this week as more than conquerors through Jesus Christ because we have a relationship.
 Available. Everybody didn't have it. Some people want it but they don't have it. Yeah, thank you Lord. Yeah. Thank you know some yep I need I need about 12 more people to say Thank You Lord to tell God. Thank you. We are more than conquerors UK carry yourself with a swag carry yourself with your head held high, because you are more. Why? Cuz he is more. We are greater because not because of
 Of us, but because he is greater greater, is he, that is in me than he, that is in in the world, huh? Thanks to God who has given us the victory through our Lord. Jesus Christ. First Corinthians 15:57 says, therefore my beloved Brethren be steadfast immovable. Always abounding in the work of the Lord knowing that your labor is not in vain.
 I want to encourage somebody that bless my soul to y'all. Jesus is already conquered because we are heirs with him, we are more than conquerors. And so our labor, your faith, what you Goin through? Can I share him? Can I tell you? It's not in vain hanging. There is going to be worth it. You might not be able to see it. Feel it since it right now. Seem like the world is getting over. They getting past us getting there.
 Ahead of us, but the Devil is a line that will come to an end and whatever you're going through a come to an end. But God for those who believe in Jesus have something greater waiting for us. Hang on to that. Y'all hold. I know it don't seem like much at time. When you're going through, when you're hurting, when you're painting, it don't seem like much but y'all it can be a difference between getting through and getting stuck. Oh, let me say it can be the difference.
 Is your belief in God, can be the difference between getting through and getting stuck. So don't get stuck. Hold your head up. No, then you are more than conquerors through Christ, Jesus. Who loved us? Amen. Yeah, amen! Amen, amen. That's right. Melissa. Hallelujah. I wish somebody two or three people in the time we got left. Come on. Let's just pray.
 Praise him. Just lift up some thanks to him some. Hallelujah. Is that what you're going? Through is only temporary but these glory is eternal. What you're dealing with is only for a time but the time will have with him will last forever and ever weeping, may endure for a night. But joy, if you believe Joy, if you're connected with him Joy, if you have a relationship with him,
 Come in the morning. Amen! Somebody, amen. Amen, y'all, yes, yes, yes, Hallelujah. Yeah, they me and Lisa. Amen. Amen, brother, amen. Amen, amen. Yes, Y'all. We are more than conquerors. Y'all, you know, somebody need a word like that. Today, be feel free when this is over just shared with them. Let them know that as Believers we got
 Wonderful things for us, only if you believe that's right. And he said, you got to be a believer because the tough times will come. The struggles will happen. But if we believe hold on to God's word, use the Holy Spirit, then we can't get through, amen. Amen, amen. Let's pray Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for this brief time. We've had to share your word, Lord. We pray for
 those that are watching those are will watch that will all rekindle our faith and know that you've already paid the price. You've already won the battle. You've already conquered? So because we believe in you. We are more than conquerors through your blood that was shed on Calvary, through your Resurrection. We are more than conquerors. So Lord God we thank you right now. We bless you, we
 Father God, we lift up Pastor, her lie to you. And ask father God, that you would heal him. Those others that have been enriched Lord been suffering from diseases illnesses, we father God, right now. We acted, you would heal them, totally completely mind, body and spirit. Lord, we pray for the Believers who are assembling right now live. In your name, those that are on the internet that the assembling right now, we ask that you would bless all that will receive.
 Our word today, Lord, let your words carry us through the week. Holy Spirit. We ask that you would help strengthen us reassure us that are living is not in vain. I believe is not in May no matter what it looks like, no matter what the world says that I believe in you, my faith in you will have will have a glorious outcome but we thank you, Lord. Then in the meantime you skilled still give us Victory even before we get there.
 Would you still give us victories here on Earth? Thank you, Father, God for the times that you brought us through. You've given us the victory in spite of what we went through, in spite of what we felt. You still gave us the victory in spite of the setbacks we've had in spite of the health issues. We've had, you've still father God healed, you still come through, you still have bills to pay our bills, you still, father God made us more than conquerors solo. We thank you for your promises of here and then
 Now and forever. So Lord, I encourage, I bless you. Thank you. Lord God for your word, thank you for your Holy Spirit. But now, Lord, I pray for a good week for all. Those involved are prey hedge of protection around my church family, and all Church families. Will I plead the blood of Jesus over our children or our grandchildren, over over our school system of our overdose at on the front line and health care and and in in
 Till industry, I plead the blood of Jesus. Keep them safe as we get vaccinated Lord, God pray that you would still give us a measure of wisdom. So Lord, we just thank you. We love you in Jesus name, we pray, amen. Amen, y'all amen. Amen, just want to remind you that first and third Sunday, as we are back live in st. Paul, Woodville and starting at 10 o'clock, without Sunday school at 11 o'clock, brief worship, their Highway 77 in Woodville. So, please
 Come and join us and again, we'll be on Facebook live as well, next Sunday, next Sunday about 11:30, but will worship livestock, the worship live about 11:00. So until then do, we can see each other again, this is Pastor Willie Chester wishing everybody. Everywhere are good and God bleep. Yay, or good and godly week, and a good and godly rest of the month. Amen. Amen. And amen.
 Men.
