everyday is Sunday, always go out way, but I think God, for his grace and his verse but I think God did you
 Jesus said in this life you will have trials and tribulation is it but be of good cheer because I have overcome the world and y'all
 Dancing. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much.
 For worship this font that's farting. Lord is not complete yet because we haven't heard the word yet. So, Lord, I pray that you would just use me to share your word because not every time I hear it, it blesses me, so I'm already blessed and also make it plain so that so that these young people can be blessed as well. Your true. So we accept your word will go forth that that you would knock down any barrier industry.
 You know what? Keep us from receiving his words. O Lord. What we've been thinking about what we've been going through then I pray that you would you a let us let us hear you today. There's enough going on in the world Lord God. When we know that you're still on the throne and your word is true. So Lord we just bask in your word this morning. Thank you for your word. That does not change with. Thank you right now and we're going to be blessed after we hit her.
 This word, Andy, Lord, give us enough strength to go out and live. This work, all this in Jesus name, we pray, amen. Y'all got it case for for God's grace and I just want to share just a couple of things that about God's grace is not all y'all because God's grace is what they call manifold.
 Your little more power as you go along. So God's grace is manifold Alpha, we got learn, how to accept God's grace, use God's grace, and then living God's grace, amen. So so, so for just a few moments, I want to remind you how powerful God's grace is and never on the payment, says Grace defined and not, I left it blank because I want you to Define your own Grace. How God
 God grace manifest in your life. I can tell you how it how it does in my life. Now, left your little space that you can put how it how it comes out in your life. Amen. Amen. God word, good job. If he all of us at one time, no matter what. We're going through, you can see all of us at one time. So y'all he's the word. Here's the warning and y'all. It's important that we receive God.
 Ray's we we sing about Amazing Grace. How Sweet the Sound but with y'all. It. Do you read Evelyn's ever? Look at how amazing it is. Just a few pointers on on how things in it is God's grace is so important because it allows us gives us the chance and opportunity to walk in humility to walk in life. Not worried about seeing how we going to see.
 But we all have to worry about the consequences of sin. Y Pastor, because of God's grace. Can somebody just say grace? Don't sound good job, God's grace? That sounds even even better since he God's grace gives us hope that there's forgiveness and Redemption for our sins and every day is another opportunity for us to live in.
 God's grace. I got heated me this morning. See, I know how, you know, Pastor because I see yall this morning and the Bible says that his mercies are brand new. Every morning we got up in the morning going to slap you in the face.
 Geology. We got all different types of names for Grace with y'all. Grace is just Grace and we God keeps his just good dude. Is it about know what I'm talking about?
 Trip on your mysterious, watch this. Now if I was in the courtroom and I'm trying to make a case for Grace, on the other side, I wouldn't have Justice. Then they didn't even I would have have some other folks who speaking against me.
 Me because he Justice is what we should have. Is anybody here? But Grace is what God gives what God gives us. So watch this. Now this story will go with me now. Imagine you long somebody something of value to you. I mean that thing is your prize lawn mowers. You trying to do it don't you see the issue of nice car at you? You just got that you're wishing and hoping for is
 Something think with me now something that you put a lot of value on and you'll only to your phone.
 And take jobs in your friend. He didn't tell you, he told it so much so that you can use it anymore. That's also, no, no, no. Watch this now, not now Justice said, that that. Okay, I forgive you the Chan of my thing after I, forgive you sincerely from my heart, okay? And, and you can buy me another one.
 That is Justice. That's just as with him. He must see, Marcy says, okay, I forgive you and you don't have to buy my not because of our friendship. Nana Grace is a little different. Y'all watch this now you don't know about God's grace. Now to Great says that I forgive you for tearing my thing. I forgive you, I love you. I still do.
 Do what I tell you what I'm going to do. I'm gonna buy you a new one, what you told up on mine and later on, we're going to the long hallways. And we want to realize that just celebrate the fact that I gave you this brand new thing. Well, y'all think it would be young, that's what God does. What? We told him, our lives. We messed up my life and God said, I forgive you. I love you.
 Give you some most don't even know you miss. Nothing to do with what I gave you. Yeah, I ain't gotta do that. So that's the difference between Justice mercy and Grace, God gives us Grace. Is it buddy, glad that he didn't give us Justice.
 We've already read Ephesians 2:8 and 9 but let me, let me just this really give us a full back Grace. You have been saved through faith that not of yourselves. It is the gift of who y'all not of Works. Lest anyone should boast
 What you say impassive Grace is a free gift who's it for its for Christians, who believe that is a part of the Salvation package. When we believe in Jesus grave, just comes along to see everybody. Glad about that passionate, fix it up. It's just a part of its active when you believe in Jesus Christ. So I want to tell you that grace and favor if you believe it.
 Are available to you and to me. So despite our age or I race or I socio-economic disposition, whatever it is. God's grace is available for me and you is it very glad about that. It was through the blood of Jesus.
 Most of the love the peace, The Joy, all of it came through the blood, somebody shot the blood. What Grace does y'all is, it gives us the opportunity to keep on keep on, keep on living and, you know, you got insurance right on your car and you don't have to worry about getting in an accident, right? Cuz you got insurance. Now, don't people who don't have insurance are looking around the corner.
 Why? Because they know if they have a wreck, they don't have any insurance. And a whole lot of trouble could have happened. Because of that, I'm not feeling here because it's the gift of God. We got that Assurance as ensures, that we don't have to worry about our lives. It's already taken care of. Are you glad about that?
 Grace is like sunshine It Shines on everybody without discrimination. Are you? Glad that Grace is not for some boats and there were folks, can't get it seen. That's what it was like before they made it free everybody. Certain folks already been vaccinator all a long time ago why God are some money
 But then the government made in free to who to everybody that's God's grace right there. You don't discriminate y'all. It is for me is for you. It's for the sinner. Is for the sake of God's grace is available when you and I believe in Jesus Christ and Grace can be applied to any situation. Or is it all y'all need to hear that. Anything you going through God's grace?
 It can be applied, we don't want to be shy. Come on. Good to know that, God, to pour out his grace on all of us at one time. Do you want to wait till you get through with your grace? Give me my grace. He can, he can give the whole world great at one time, y'all. That's some good news that God for Grace. Let's thank him for mercy.
 Seeing let's thank him for love. Let's thank him for Joy. Let's thank him for peace that! Daddy said, what passive all understanding? So, whatever you will not go through Grace good thinking case, I don't think so Grace is necessary. If I'm kidding with that, your street yet, here we go.
 How do you say? I'm not actually have seen all of us. See how it does need Grace because the Bible, lets me know, you you see, first John 1:8, if we say, we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in Us by the way. NLT says, if we claim to have no sin, we are fooling ourselves and we not living it.
 Truth or we got real quiet. That's why we need Grace because all of us have sinned and we'll see that liberates me and down for you. Yes. In is when you have a thought. So yeah. Don't don't know. Who are two ways that you shouldn't have? Yes, he is you say don't worry that you you should have let go a long time ago, where finger pop up and
 it's in seeing we did think is what we do, but y'all sometimes seen in what we don't do is you made to God,
 So what does that mean? We do it all the time. So that's why we need God's grace sometime. We do it while we sleep.
 Are you woke up? Use a lot of hope that any truth that we will do it in our sleep.
 God's grace is the extension for our safety. Come in our own strength. Y'all we came. I've got two or three Witnesses. If we're trying to do it ourselves apart from God, apart from the Holy Spirit, we can't do it. We're going to make mistakes. And they were going to notice long as we live, we going to be making mistakes against God. So we need
 It's crazy not to shame. Can you get touched yourself and say I need his grace. Don't need it. Let me I looked up this poem by Janet milele and maybe this is you I it was me. She said, I know it's the spirit who is at work within me because I can't do anything about myself. I tried and I try but it's always the same. Oh, my own everything.
 You can miss. So I can praise to my Lord. I can praise to my king and I give glory and honor to God for it. Is him and not me Jesus. I clearly do see. It is his grace that enables me. Okay. Is that anybody in here, y'all know, has me on my own
 God's grace reminds us that we do in fact,
 Me God. When Pastor every day, every hour, no matter how many time lapse on, we mess up. God's grace, is there to cover us again? And again, and it can help us to overcome the worst nests of we've ever had. And I like, it's anybody ever been there?
 But then y'all, God's grace is enough. What are you saying? Pastor, look at 2nd Corinthians.
 We notice is power talking about the other conversation with God as God to take that thing away and gods. And I ain't taking nothing away. Because I got it there for a reason. God of atoms are like, yeah, no. Please remove this. No, please get it. Up in the answer. Came back. I got it there for a reason.
 So what morning show was something? He told Paul he said my grace is sufficient for you, why? For my power is made perfect in what y'all and witness God's grace is sufficient. This verse tells us that it reaffirms us that God's grace can cover every area of Our Lives. What are you saying? Pastor? Can we be real for another moment? We don't like to give God here.
 Until we get away from control over here. We want to give got on the bed. Normally, I'm at each other like yeah, I'm a God normally I'm not, you know, I'm not gonna say I'm not no, no, no need you right now, it don't, we do that job. We, we compartmentalize God and it's only two, we really need him that will call her. And but can I tell somebody go?
 God wants it all Grace colors. It comes in that in the Greek, that word.
 Cobblers means the cover like a teat then I know if we click here, we think alike you know just a little change. You by Walmart is a big circle steam gun just for one person. Does not want to cover everything, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly God says, I didn't order to receive my grace. I need to cover you like a chimp is everybody. Glad about there is not
 Selective about what he will cover in your life. God says, I want to cover all of it, but you gotta give it to me. No longer we wait, the give them all. We got, we won't be covering job. That's why in our lies. I don't say y'all. Some stuff is blessed and some stuffing.
 Cover you like a circus team. Y'all know I will circles TV because everything comes at all. So God says I want to cover you but I need you to give me all of all of you and finally y'all, finally our Grace, not only enough but it is abundant down. We got to go home on this part right here. I'm glad that God don't run out of
 Grace? I want anybody hear me? Are you glad that God's grace? Don't run out? The gravy has for you and for me he we can go to him again and again we can run to him again and again and the grace is still there, he doesn't give up.
 You know who didn't deserve no, you didn't deserve it but they were, was that grace of God, you know, you and steady. You're praying, nothing. Good. God grass, I'll be jumping
 is still still available and God doesn't give Grace because he has to
 God, this is so wonderful. Not only does he want to give it to you in full measure, but when you get, he wants you to share it with somebody else.
 So when we give it to him God will make sure that you all right. Part of God great packages that he lets you know that no matter what it is, what you're going through is going to be
 Long until you experience.
 Forgive me and forgive us. Our debts. As we forgive our debtors, just like we need a degree job. We need to be forgiving daily gear. We need to learn how to forgive other folks.
 People are leaving him big enough to tell you everything, right? Someone without forgiveness, give it one missing.
 See y'all. We need to learn as Christian how to forgive just like God has forgiven us. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 God's grace is amazing. You can you describe how good God's grace is? And if you sit down and think about how many times God has shown you brace? Oh, great. God. By really all day. We wouldn't even have testimony service all the time that God is giving you.
 Grace, we would have time of the church as I remind you of how good God's grace is that we will not only receive it for ourselves. That we would not only walk in it and live in it, but there will be able to give it. Share it with somebody else. How many families are torn?
 Parker folks won't forgive how many marriages have been thrown on the Rocks. Those somebody won't forgive how many churches have been torn apart and never going to come back together because somebody didn't forgive how you got to do it.
 It has some interest stupid, if you go back and check on it. If you ain't let it go, you still going to be there. Everybody hear me? So God is never to be remember anymore.
 As we going on. What are you reminds us? All of is that we're limited and God is Limitless. We are limited. But God is Limitless. So we learn how to forgive and we will learn how to watch this now, but humble folks. But y'all, we need to learn how to forgive us.
 And past mistakes. He doesn't need God in the rules against us. So, Jesus has already paid the price. You also can I ask you something?
 What you waiting on people's to bless you?
 You bring it up Woulda Coulda Shoulda, don't leave no room for God. So now let's learn how to let go. And let God receive his grace in our lives. If you don't hear anything else. I say God's grace is a free gift.
 It doesn't have an expiration date. Fear 2020.
 He would have been. Okay, y'all his arms, you know, the DNA expiration date sooner, but I can claim God's grace, you can use it over and over and over again and it never runs out. What's his y'all? Last point, you don't have to give it back.
 And it is Limitless. It never runs out. Last point, is that we gotta God gives us his grace. We are learning your grace do.
 Everybody good news today. I just wanted to share that with you today encourage your heart. Remind you, whatever you're going through, or will go through God's grace, will cover up, just leaving. Thanks Chuckles chain. Now. He got enough Grace
 You call me anything you and I will both go through little buddy. Glad about that.
 You gotta do this, that feels me. Did you ever see? Jesus Christ? There's a package that called grace, mercy and love. All of that is in the package but what is one of the you know, he wants us to receive receive what he has for us? Amen.
